mmm to bunt boomp hotep Jesus how are
you sir
I always wanted to say that wanted to
call somebody that I've made that drop
how the fuck to get a name like hotep
Jesus had that come about it wasn't my
idea you know I was uh I had just went
through my spiritual awakening I just
know our industry and I went through
like that mace thing you know you go
what are you doing on top my hair down
this is black big so yes so here chill
wakening yeah I had the spiritual
awakening and I'm you know tweeting on
Twitter like I do write and uh somebody
said what do you think you are some kind
of hotep Jesus oh yes I do think I'm who
- that's perfect then now you own it
that person is probably fuck god damn it
that was a great name I gave that dude
yeah I don't know who that person is or
was or where they are now shout out to
whoever you are
exactly and vibe high your Twitter why
didn't you switch it to hotep Jesus can
you switch it ah
does anybody only hotep Jesus I do you
so you have hotep Jesus on Twitter -
yeah reserved it oh dude I think they
could probably swap do you have a little
one of them cute little blue checkmarks
yeah no - put the fuck is that how do
you get one of those I don't know yeah
there's some people that have those that
have like a thousand followers oh yeah
are you getting it like if you work for
the New York Times or sometimes you had
them I'll do Joe and then I get verified
I don't know how Twitter feels about me
I mean I think Jack likes me he's been
in a couple of times but I think the
whole there they're weird man they want
I mean I think all social media all tech
companies want you to toe a line right
now and if you're not towing that line
and you're bring on forbidden guests and
you have people that have controversial
ideas you know they then have that
finger on the button of getting rid of
you they don't know what to do it's just
like radio mm-hmm you know like radio a
lot of people don't know but radio has
to play happy songs cuz happy people buy
things I mean yeah that's well that's
what the studies say allegedly the
marketing studies and advertising
studies say people who aren't a good
mood tend to buy things right so the
radio is supposed to play happy songs
all day long
and the radio works for the advertisers
kind of like media and so on so forth so
social media is no different
they have advertisers so if there's
people on the platform who are creating
disgruntled crowds it could be hurting
the bottom line
yeah but Facebook's algorithm actually
favors that the way Facebook has it set
up like say if if you if you get into
debates with people on abortion or
something like very controversial they
will start sending that shit to your
feed that will they will prop it will
sort of steer it in your direction
because the more you engage the more
clicks they get the more money they get
the more advertising dollars they get
absolutely absolutely the Facebook
algorithm is quite unique and the way
that things can go viral there um
Twitter I feel like the Twitter safety
and Councilman yeah what do they call it
trust and safety yeah that what is some
like that yeah so when I go and look at
the entities that contribute to that
board I kind of start saying oh okay I
see why certain topics are taboo mm-hmm
you know there's when you when there's a
board those people on the board are the
voice they're the ones that have the
opinion you know so if your group isn't
represented maybe you need to figure out
how to get on that board you know what I
mean right I don't know anybody's doing
it more nah it's not gonna happen
and you better be left-wing we're gonna
get on that board yeah what do you think
Blackbird is I think Jack's more like in
the middle yes I think he's closer to
the middle I don't think it's Jack I
think it's you know Jack's working on a
bunch of different projects mm-hmm but I
think it's probably you know whoever
else is in the office making the data
days decisions yeah I'd like to jack a
lot but I think jack is in the middle of
a gigantic corporation mm-hmm and
there's so many people with so many idea
essentially the founding fathers of our
country had a great idea when it comes
to freedom of expression they felt like
it was very important that you have free
speech and they don't you can't be
silenced you can't be it can't be
undermined by people who disagree with
you because it's dangerous it's
dangerous from someone can just decide
that you can't have a voice anymore and
only if there
can be heard and we're kind of seeing
that with Twitter and we're kind of
seeing that with Facebook and with
Google and they're they're deciding what
could be heard and whatnot come here
they think they're doing it for good
reasons they think they're doing it to
preserve our culture and our
civilization and they want to protect
people from the election it read it shut
down the donald the the the donald trump
support reddit page yeah that's not a
good idea the right right before the
DIMM yeah them to be right before the
democratic debate and you know that was
like where all the funny memes come from
and look man this you can't do that
i mean just because if you have some
people that are saying some shit that's
bad on there get rid of those people get
rid of that but you can't just shut down
a whole forum like it seems that seems
insane is there a reason for it it's not
shut down it says it's quarantined
yeah we're fuck does that mean does it
have a disease for like a temporary
Scott Ebola it's happens to people they
gotta do something I don't know it says
there's violent threats I'm looking to
see what Oh Enid misbehaviour violent
threats skeptical very seems weird right
I feel like all this stuff isn't it like
we're seeing what the First Amendment is
really all about why it exists we're
seeing it play out yeah with all these
social media sites
I really think you know my thing is with
like the reddit thing right it's very
easy to create an actor right the left
can create a right wing actor online to
pretend like it's something about sure
it's something else they can go in and
read it do something malicious to get
the whole reddit banned right like an
agent provocateur yeah exactly and I
never leave that off the table when I
look at instances like this we know
somebody who's it's the Internet
everybody's anonymous thing how are you
tracking this back to who it is you know
I mean do you know what's conservative
do you know as a Republican are you sure
so you know I take these things these
pieces of information with a grain of
salt
yeah you should but is this election
meddling the kind of is right is what it
feels like if you're killing a whole sub
what does it depends I mean so if
they're really that would be really
interesting if it turns out that it was
someone for
the left that was posing as someone from
the right in order to shut down a forum
and pretend there's death threat sir
I mean you look at YouTube right what
what's been happening with YouTube even
just the algorithm you know I'm pretty
good with keywords I do SEO and
marketing so when I type in certain
keywords to find certain things I know
what's gonna come up or what type of
content comes up now when I type in
those keywords it's like ABC ABC ABC and
then and I'm like that's not what I
wanted they don't even talk about these
keywords what are you talking about yeah
so when you start seeing that you start
thinking about ink sock in Orwell in
1984 and socialism and communism and
fascism and the degradation of society
and a lot of control coming down you
know people you know in some ways it's
like was the internet created for
freedom or was it contributes to
different pathways we could probably
look at that but it seems like in many
ways they set us up to be controlled and
they're doing it through monopolies
Google controls search through YouTube
and Google and by what you search you
can think it's a truth but what did
Kanye say Kanye say Google lied to you
you know so Johnny says a lot of crazy
shit though you don't really think about
that he does and I like crazy I'm a big
fan of crazy I'm a little crazy a lot of
crazy sometimes
so I appreciate his crazy side more than
his calm side hmm well great things come
from wild thoughts right exactly I think
the internet was initially created to
exchange information and then when it
got loose to the general public they
realized what a crazy idea that was
mm-hmm
well I think we're seeing right now with
the algorithms is that these
corporations are influencing these
companies to say hey when someone's
looking for these things how about you
send them over to ABC how about you send
them over to NBC how about you you know
like we want to be able to get the first
views on these things so if someone's
searching for that I don't know how they
do it I don't know what they whether
they have agreements with them maybe I
mean there's also a lot of copy written
shit that's on there the
could get YouTube in some significant
trouble if they have a really decided to
pursue it right and how many videos are
on YouTube that people have on their
channel that are just straight off of
Fox News or NBC News or there's a lot of
like copyright protected content that
YouTube is essentially profiting off of
oh yeah yeah they make a ton of money
off of that stuff yeah um so they might
have deals but I say look we'll send
these people to you know this first yeah
and that's why I say you know that's
what control comes in you know the
advertisers when advertisers are the
ones paying you know for the platform so
yeah I think it's not us the users that
are paying for YouTube's free so who's
paying right yeah they're they're
monetizing us they're monetizing us the
users and the viewers yeah that's where
it gets tricky right because as soon as
the advertisers get onboard they said
look we you know we want to give you
money but this content it's not
advertiser friendly right and then they
start moving stuff around and D
monetizing things and and with D
monetization the real thing that they're
doing in a lot of ways whether it's
intentional or not is you're influencing
what people post you're kind of sent you
you're asking them to self-censor
because if you say hey you guys want to
discuss abortion rights or you know it
could there's there's some things that
you start discussing them and they will
automatically dump D monetize you yeah
well who is the girl that put out the
abortion documentary right any which
girl's snatch that down I forget what
it's called I'm bad at memorizing these
things but there was an uh basically an
anti-abortion thing that exposed some
things about abortion as a documentary I
believe the day it went up it got shut
down she had to read up load it was it
lawrence other might have been yeah
there's those two cute white chicks
nobody thinks are super racist lauren
southern and tammy the other one Lauren
Tommy Lauren Tommy Lauren so she did a
documentary but then you have like the
James O'Keefe thing where you know he
put up the expose in YouTube and then
that got you know obviously they're
gonna take it after the most recent one
that exposed Google right right yeah
I've been asking people about that I'm
like okay break this down for me is
there any way that this could have been
deceptively advertise or deceptively
edited
like is it seems to me like they're
saying that they're going to manipulate
search results and they're gonna
manipulate the way people see things
because of the 2016 election they don't
want that happening again in 2020 that's
what it seems when I'm looking
absolutely exactly looks like could it
be doctored of course good you know yeah
that's always possible but when you go
and experience it for yourself like I
was talking about with you know doing a
keyword search you start yeah seeing the
power of those and then you know Uncle
hotep you know is his channel was you
know doing great and then the algorithm
flipped and they see no like he wasn't
making the same money anymore so it's
like I don't have to go to some doctor
video or whatever video to understand
his problem the people around me are
being affected by it you know this is a
primary source I don't have to look at
some on internet but no no it's it's in
a way I don't like playing victim with
the topic right stare platform do what
you want with it we choose to be there
we don't have to be there
there's not another game in town though
it's not it's weird right when you think
about how big the internet is and
there's only one YouTube right in Vimeo
and all those other ones they're great
but well the you're not always related
to the black community you know the
black community always say oh you know
white people that is white people that
white people describe but without
they're not giving us opportunity and
it's always like well is that the only
opportunity can you not create your own
opportunity you know what I mean so I
never want to take a victim mentality
and say oh you know let's take Google to
court you know all this stuff it's like
if you want to do that that's fine
that's not how I'm looking at this I'm
looking at it long-term like hooking up
with Andrew table over at Gap you know
what I mean and building tools so you
know we do the quaint bits app calm and
creators can actually it's based upon
approval right now but creators can go
on there and receive Bitcoin as a
donation you know so we're circumventing
the things that happen like with the
deep platforming at patreon right and
the other payment platforms for creators
so we're creating tools to circumvent
these things so that's how
look at it I'm like Oh Google's doing
this great this is a great opportunity
here let me seize it and let me build it
and be you know the alternative you know
I love to see that is the alternative
going to be YouTube and as popular of
course not it's just not but it's still
a viable option you can still
communicate with your people the number
one communication tool for an influencer
with it with their raw community is
email build your email list right people
still subscribe to your email list right
that's not YouTube that's not Google
that's your email list that's your
contact list so it's like you can
complain about YouTube or Google but you
can build your audience almost anywhere
it depends on how powerful you are
are you powerful enough to convince
people to come to this other platform or
to whatever you are a lot of people are
powerful enough to pack a room at two
thousand dollars ticket you tell me you
can't get somebody to go to another
platform for free who charges two
thousand dollars a ticket
oh I mean a lot of these speakers you
know like the Tony Robbins type carrots
this is right he charges two thousand
bucks I think charge like ten yes I
thinks I think some of his stuff was
like ten yeah but he's doing like these
week-long events where everybody gets
together I'm gonna change your life
doing karate kicks well that's the how
you get the bigger check you guys create
a bigger experience yeah so it's like
alright so we'll do a one-day it 2k
right it's like well how do I get 10k
it's like well let's just extend it for
the week and you know had like you know
the kickboxing class and then you know
we'll chat at this sauna you just you
know create that's part of marketing you
know yeah but yeah I'm not complaining
about these tech companies these tech
companies man I'm not scared of these
dudes Manny's did the content is us the
content is certainly us and like I get
what I got from talking to Jack and
Vidya was it's almost impossible man a
site like that the just the influx of no
like I used to have a message board on
my website one of the things that I
noticed before we shut it down was I was
getting thousands and thousands of
Russian emails that were signing up for
my website
remember that Jamie this is years ago
there's like three years ago okay I mean
fucking
like tens of thousands of Russian email
dresses were signing up like similar
addresses hmm it was something like the
IRA something like the internet research
agency which does that which is
responsible for all those fake pages on
Facebook and Google and Instagram and
all that said and they were signing up
for websites and that had message boards
and then they would jump on and pretend
that they were whatever the fuck they
were right pretend that they were a
social justice warrior pretend that
they're with black lives matter
Indian and they just start fights start
arguments yeah and it was like wow this
is fascinating and then when it out and
when it also happened and then it
happened with Facebook and it became a
big part of the election you realize
like this is like concerted effort to
use these platforms to wiggle so when
you're Jack or you're whoever runs good
you have to look at that and go okay how
the fuck do we manage that I mean if
we're in a free speech we should just
let these people manipulate everybody
right wait
let it be wah wah was how can I mean
it's when you have these people that are
working for the Russians or even people
that are working on the Left that are
trying I mean if there really really is
someone that's doing that to the Donald
subreddit on reddit mm-hmm what do you
do if you're in the free speech you're
supposed to allow that right you could
just create a metric you know or some
sort of mechanism that red flag can
account publicly right but I think this
is where it gets slippery right because
then you're talking about an algorithm
you're talking about manipulating search
results you're talking not that route
what I'm saying not that rub but this is
where it goes right if you just keep
managing the content instead like
someone like like gab where they just
let the content flow free yeah obviously
you go there there's a lot of dumpster
fires man sort of fucking chaos I'll do
that oh yeah absolutely
nothing's gonna be perfect right you
know um I think whenever you see bad
that's good right okay oh yeah that is a
portal to good it is an opportunity to
fix something because at some point that
problem was going to emerge right it
just emerged now so it's like oh wow
okay here's this problem the solution
every problem lies within the problem so
technically there is no problem
so let's just go ahead and solve this
problem and move on to the next one you
know but I love problems I love solving
problems I think it's really fun so when
I see a problem I go hmm good let's
let's think about this and sometimes
it's not a one-person job you know it's
a whole committee and a whole bunch of
Minds have to get together so when I
look at the conservative community I
think about like you know aren't you
have all these minds but are your minds
working to complain or your minds
working to solve the problem and it
seems like the minds aren't working to
solve the problem their work in a
complaint right so for example during
the early 20th century early 1900s do
with this newspaper super popular in New
York and he put some inflammatory things
about a certain family in New York City
and all the department stores boycott
the newspapers he has no advertisers so
they did that to put him out of business
and this gentleman takes the space and
gives it to the proletariat or the you
know small business guys in the area and
he gets some full front page ads right
stuff that the department stores
couldn't buy and then what happened was
after the the newspaper guard is
circling like that at department stores
department stores came back and they
said yo all right all right fine fine
we'll pay will come back and he said no
I'll need you anymore you know I have
people that can do this I can do this
with the people and his newspaper was
successful into the day he died so when
I look at that example that was able to
thrive in 19 you know 20 in something or
in 1910 and whatever it was I look at it
and I'm like if this guy just stood on
his laurels and didn't bow you know then
why can't we do it as a nation or as a
team you know I think it's very possible
to so for example like we look at gap
right there's a new competitor I'm not
gonna mention a name but it's like they
whoever was the establishment created
this alternative platform to compete
with gap there's one other laundress
yeah you don't wanna mention them in now
screwed up really yeah oh my what's bad
about them their establishment right oh
so so when I look at so establishments
created another free speech platform
allegedly allegedly they're just gonna
collect the data on these people and
then you know sell it off well makes you
think that
intuition you know hotels have been told
you you know make sure that you VA sure
oh we got a shirt hotels been told you
that's our show
oh yeah I mean I go to a show every
Thursday 8:00 p.m. you see Tom so yeah
you know uh I can I can kind of i've
been calling a lot of these shots and a
lot of these things and there's just
certain things that you know I'm a tech
startup founder right so it's certain
things I can see within a business that
the average person can't see and I'm
like God it doesn't make sense that
doesn't look right and you see uh you
know as a tech startup it's really hard
to get going
right at first but when you see like
MSNBC and it's just like how'd you get
all these covers that fast who do you
know you and I mean and then you start
seeing the influencers that going over
there and pushing them like oh these are
all established I see what's going on
what you didn't want you didn't want an
alternative platform that you didn't
control mmm okay so they're creating an
alternative platform that they can
control they can control air quotes
alternative correct yeah well I think
the writing is on the wall right if they
look at the there's only one Twitter
there's only one Instagram there's only
one YouTube and those are giant and
Facebook is basically the only thing
like that right I mean there's really no
competitor to Facebook and in that space
I mean this is four of them they're all
trashed let's be honest oh my goodness
it's all trash hotep is going off ha ha
Facebook trash I've been saying that for
like the past decade Facebook's trash I
stopped using Facebook a decade ago
right if I used it it was just like
forced you know I use it as a publishing
outlet I want to put this tour dates or
something like that I put it on Facebook
Brown engage right exactly yeah so you
know I can I can respect that I don't
use Instagram I left it months ago when
Farrakhan got kicked off her platform a
bunch of conservative got kicked off her
platform like I don't need this shit
neither it's not left and also to keep
your account just in case yeah
absolutely
yeah it's bookmarked um you know I got
to automate a bot I'm gonna set up and
all that say yeah yeah so you know if
these platforms we don't need them
they're not that great if you look at
the story on in
- gram Instagram was a lucky project Oh
serendipitous right basically what
happened was some kids built a project
it was called Instagram they were
working on a whole bunch of other things
some popular kids started using a
platform it blew up and then they pass
it onto Facebook from the very inception
I said this is a very trash product
product it's just horrible horribly
curated right it's so horribly curated
that Facebook can't even monetize the
platform properly right but that's a
whole nother story but the platform
itself and its functionality is stupid
it's just popular we know what's weird
is like replying to people and reading
replies like what in the comments like
you can't even keep up with nothing no
and you can't get all your notifications
the notifications aren't curated
properly it's just it's like as if they
don't care right they don't care right
they don't care or is it that it got so
big so quick and it's stuck in this
format you'd have to kind of reformat
the way it's they don't care don't think
so they don't care they don't care if
you if you want to build a product for
your user you can do that if you want to
build a product for advertisers you can
do that they built the product for
advertisers and not for users if they
build it for users you will now be able
to have a conversation on there well
isn't it originally wasn't it text
America was that the same thing was text
America the original one that's the one
where I have the picture of the
prostitute in the bathroom I mean like
where you would text something to you
send a photo you send a photo and go up
to an internet website it would be like
on a site like imager so I'm not like a
feed where people would follow you like
that wasn't no there was a thing that
you'd fall ok good fuck that's where
that picture came for I know that but I
didn't remember it being like a website
or anything like that was back when
there was no applications ma'am because
I took that from a flip phone Anthony
ghio that's the difference yeah I found
like a smartphone yeah there was no
smartphones pregnant and then you would
have to go to a website to see all your
photos so like you have a young Jaime
page on texts America and all the
pictures that you had taken the first
photos on Instagram a lot of people were
you'd be like shit as a photographer
you'd be kind of like shit on if you
weren't taking with your iPhone only mmm
I can you were uploading
DSLR photos you'd be like rah you're
fucking
look at your right but now it filters
like some of these girls you look like
cartoons they didn't look like humans
you know comes down to is like you know
what should Kahuna's right so you know a
lot of people told me I was like oh you
missed not a lot of money on Facebook
you missed not a lot of Instagram money
on Instagram my homies a millionaire off
of Instagram and Facebook advertisement
ain't towing button I'm like you online
is for money bro I got a message to get
across and I can't get it across on
these platforms they suck right but are
you gonna have the cojones to come and
say I'm choosing my laurels over I'm
choosing my morals over the money
because it's a lot of people out here
that are on the Facebook platform just
for money I spoke to a conservative
influencer and brother basically said
I'm trying to feed my daughter but the
stuff he's putting out on Facebook he
doesn't believe in it so he's just doing
it for profit she's doing it for profit
oh that that's where it gets weird right
he says then people are not gonna
believe you once say well I was doing
that for money but now I'm telling the
truth
but these I'm talking about this these
are the people that everybody believes
these are the ones that have captured a
large audience I mean talking about you
know type of money you can pull in on on
Facebook mm-hmm but you know he
literally says you know I'll go on
Twitter I'll make one tweet and then I
get like two thousand retweets and then
you know you know I his his brain just
blows up like that but it's because he
knows the the buzzwords right he knows
what to say they get the people going
I'll go that route you know what I mean
if I don't like Facebook I'm not gonna
use if I don't like Facebook I'm not
gonna use Instagram you know I'm just
gonna you know stick with what I like I
like Twitter not old people in 2009 I
gonna I'm Twitter you know I deal in
marketing so I always say focus on one
channel when it comes to social media
just one channel unless you have the
staff - well Twitter's how I found out
about you and that's all I found out
about your videos and it found out about
you've watched your videos and if if
that didn't exist and the the portal for
the video you're putting your videos on
YouTube right mhm I mean what how else
would someone get their message out if
you if you if you think that these
platforms are all trash if they didn't
exist I wouldn't find out about you
Twitter is great
remember I would never mention Twitter
you said all of them are trash but all
of them excesses what Twitter is what is
my baby man I love Twitter like so much
about Twitter it's uh it's it's it's
it's a perfect platform to crowd source
information number one right like you
said without Twitter I wouldn't be
sitting here right now I couldn't never
got to you on Facebook or Instagram that
wouldn't never happen maybe Instagram
some a friend most of it is like hey one
of my friend says check out this guy
this guy's cool this guy's interesting
right B you should talk to this guy okay
that's how it usually happens and then
I'll go to your page and I checked it
out and I saw a lot of interesting
conversations you were having and right
saw some videos well the thing is
Instagram doesn't allow you to see in my
heart they don't allow you to see in the
soul Twitter I can really connect with
people how come you can't do that on
Instagram algorithm huh you know you oh
you mean because it hides stuff and
stuff yeah but once you develop a good
following it doesn't really matter
people would go to your page for how
well fuck for you but how often can you
post on Instagram often can you post
well you can't do it like Twitter where
you could just do it every couple
minutes you see what I'm saying yeah so
if I wanted to I could go from deep to
where my middle-aged white women at
right in 15 minutes time right you know
I can take you deep and then I can make
you laugh yeah you don't I mean and I
can share you know something else I can
share my video and you could have photos
on Twitter just like you could have on
Instagram I wanted to I can go live
mm-hmm and so Twitter is great at how
they curate the live feature I mean it
lands at the top year falling on mobile
right it's beautiful like like they like
they get product you know I feel like
Instagram gets product um but Twitter's
is you know matter of fact this is a
great time I brought you my book I
thought those McDonald's or Burger King
not what is he eating
there's my book right here Twitter
marketing I brought that for you it
retails on on how to build a cult-like
following yeah and that's basically all
my secrets on how I got on it Joe Rogan
experience I want to I'm trying to
remember who told me about you I want to
give someone the credit
I uh well
you know they people said to me you know
you should go on Joe Rogan i retweeted
it and then it started this fire
storming your mansions and then you
followed me yeah and then i retweeted a
guy followed you because someone told me
though right
after trying to remember who the fuck it
is oh it's somebody you know yeah
somebody I knew oh okay I was like a
serendipitous thing then I don't even
know if they had seen you post that
you're trying to get on the podcast oh I
think someone had just contacted me and
said hey check out this guy's shit oh I
watched some of the YouTube
conversations you just look like you're
having a good time but you were talking
about serious shit yeah yeah it's it's
you know so I got kids so when I said
when I teach my kids it's always to
edutainment know if I can't make my kids
laugh while I'm doing my lecture every
day when they come home from school or I
try to do every day there's a lecture we
inform I want to talk about something
real in life how many kids yeah three my
daughter's 16 and my boys are odd 2010
are twin boys
Dallas Phoenix and Sydney they're one
named out two cities so every day they
come home I have a lecture waiting for
him but when I prepare my lectures for
them I always figure how am I gonna make
him laugh because my son Dallas he's a
very linear in thinking I could lecture
and he'll sit there and listen to every
single word the other two like me
they'll just like zone out so your twins
not are they're identical to my maternal
fraternal yeah so his brother and his
sister just like me with all two now and
going to lala land it's gonna be weird
when you have two kids that were born
the exact same time they're twins but
yeah they're totally different yeah and
he looked different that's so ones brown
skinned ones last game whoa well come
out of the box at the same time if you
hit you know it's a crazy dynamic the
burst headaches are nuts man
yeah their personalities are very
different that is one of the things that
tripped me out the most about having
kids
mm-hmm is how how does they are their
own little person out of the fucking box
yeah but you influenced them a little
you teach them you can give them morals
and ethics and you can set a good
example but boy they come with their own
unique set of ingredients yeah they do
you getting to and you know I don't I
don't try to change that all I try to do
is push them in that direction like
whichever way you're going I'm just
going to try and assist that you know I
don't try to like bring
you back this way so my son Dallas he
likes to draw it you know I'm like
alright well here's some youtube videos
tutorials do it every day you know my
son Phoenix is like I want to have my
own comic book I will start writing it
he starts writing his comic book and
Annie comes and he asked me questions
and I help them we share in a Google Doc
and we just we just do the damn thing
you know what I mean that's cool yeah
they're little startups so you kind of
just got it you just gotta feed them you
know that's a good way of looking at it
yeah you know you've got a water room
man and just let them grow I think
sometimes we try to prune them too much
hmm well you definitely see that a lot
with people that are - they're just way
too heavy-handed with their kids and the
kids just always resisting
oh yeah just constantly get the fuck
away from me man that shit's unnecessary
it's unnecessary it's unproductive and
you're gonna develop a rift between you
and your kids yeah so so this story I
always tell is um you know when you
black and you go in a supermarket you
get that talk like but not going hey but
not touched man don't ask for nothing
right so well you know that's how I grew
up a lot of us grew up so when I go into
the supermarket or I went to the
supermarket there's one time and my son
is uh Phoenix my twin he's running
around in the supermarket and you know I
don't I try not to yell at my kids and
all that stuff right so I just tap his
brother and sister on the show nice a
look at him look at him look at him
and they looking and we just started
laughing at him so he turns around he
goes like why are you laughing at me and
I start imitating all that type stuff
and he so he's I put the mirror in front
of the mirror and when he does that
never again yeah we can I didn't have to
yell at him I'd have to hit him I had a
custom mount and after threaten that's
great you know it's just it's just basic
psychology yeah that's one of the
hardest things for people to do to see
how other people see them when someone
sees you with humor and you look like a
fool look that's me exactly
so you've got put your mirror but you
know Twitter you know I handle I handle
everything you know I figure you can't
change culture through lecture you
change coach at the winter tainment
what do you think about all this talk
like Elizabeth Warren's talked about it
and some other candidates have talked
about his mother politicians have talked
about breaking up these big companies
breaking up Facebook it's too big break
up Google break up Twitter mm-hmm what
do you think about that
well I think we have to study what
happened to standard oil what happened
in standard standard oil they broke it
up and it became Exxon Chevron Texaco I
think BP don't quote me on that one but
does anybody have brand loyalty to gas
there's anybody like dude I'm a Chevron
man they create those those cards right
those oils gas cards oh okay yeah yeah
that's how they create a little tea
right here does the evolution of
standard oil Jamie pulled it up on the
screen yeah there you go
wow so standard oil was too big yeah
like fucked this place right we have to
move it around a little bit
1911 standard oil of Kentucky 1911 they
did this right so if you look at it it's
broken up into I think it says 34 right
34 companies right so you start on one
on the left right and then as you go
what do you see you see a consolidation
don't you you see these merges yeah so
when you break up a monopoly you're not
really breaking up with not monopolies
what you're doing is you're creating a
divide and conquer dynamic so it's like
okay I'll let my brother control this
one my sister control that with my
cousin controls and you actually corner
the market so breaking up would not
believe isn't exactly a good thing in
that case yeah in that case and I think
we'll see the same thing with Google if
we break up Google what you're gonna do
is just have little subsidiaries or
little satellite things that will just
control a certain segment under a
different name which will make it harder
to track back to its source hmm so I'm
you know when I say you know break up
monopolies I think that the
establishments like yeah come on break
me up baby
do you think so I don't think they want
to lose any control certainly not like
Facebook does it's not yours and get rid
of the Zuckerberg forever
ah right aren't you trying to get rid of
him the board members like that's a day
claim but get that robot out of here
Leslie wait drinks water right he does
look like a robot we drink water in
front Congress but isn't that socialism
mm-hmm that's socialism when you oh my
god comes in and tells you what you can
do with your corporation yeah
that's socialism so so what I feel is
like the powers that be are pushing
socialism are they
we can use this as an excuse to
infiltrate corporations and you know and
start controlling this internet space so
the internet space is now communist I'm
of the opinion though that if we believe
in freedom of speech and you create
something that's so big that it's
essentially a town square which is what
I think these platforms are you if you
ban people especially if you ban people
shit like learn to code like things that
don't make any sense oh yeah there's
people there getting banned for some
pretty ridiculous ideas yeah that as
soon as you start doing something like
that you are going against the
fundamental ideas of this country is
founded on absolute freedom of speech I
think yeah it's incredibly important
that if you have someone saying
something that you think is wrong or is
hurtful there should be a avenue where
people can examine that and talk about
it and combat it with good speech yeah
with speech that makes sense yeah well
you know a couple years ago or last year
Africa no it's about a couple years ago
I was lambasted for defending white
nationalists you know when they first
got deep platform some of them got deep
platform or just white nationalists
period I'm like well if this is how
these people feel let's listen to them
it's listen to their gripes what are
they mad about right and then people
like oh how could you these people are
racist not only I don't care if they're
races like that doesn't affect me right
I'm not asking them for a job so they
can't be racist towards me you know what
I mean but um when you have these these
groups that people call fringe I feel
like the people that are fringe are the
test for freedom of speech it's not the
people in the middle it's the fringe
groups on the outside if they don't have
freedom of speech everybody in the
middle screw hmm so I stood up now say
yo let these dues talk like stop doing
that like like you know I don't care you
know if they're racist or whatever
people call me names but then now you
see it coming down and we lost you know
Louis Farrakhan he got the platform he
lost his verification you know and it's
like what was there anything
specifically that he said that allowed
him to do that did you they just make a
sweeping because they got rid of Milo
they got rid of Gavin McInnes they got
rid of a bunch of people that were on
Instagram and Facebook that they hadn't
D platformed but it didn't seem like
there was anything that happened
that caused them to do that it seemed
like they just made some sort of a
decision yeah that I think was probably
based on preparing for the 2020
elections absolutely you saw it so what
I think what happened was the the
banning of Louis Farrakhan there's just
a theory but they were like all right if
we ban these conservatives the
conservative crowd is going to just go
apeshit right but if we throw them Louis
Farrakhan it'll kind of settle things
down a little bit cuz it'll look like
we're fair I think you're exactly right
yeah so I'm like so that's what they did
and like I let's throw them in there now
mm-hmm you know smooth things over
that's exactly what I thought when I saw
yeah yeah I was like this seems weird
yeah yeah it's like they you have to
justify like no we got rid of him too
you know yeah yeah it's uh it's a
strange time because there's even though
there is gab and there's minds and
there's is a couple other startups that
are yeah trying to make their way and
the the Jordan Peterson one and there's
nothing that really stands out and once
someone starts once a giant group of
people starts using something unless
it's like what Solaris is one day one of
them vanished like MySpace
how fucking badly did they manage my
space because myspace had at all they
had everybody yeah and then it just
fucking died and still around but now
it's like some fringe music publishing
platform it's very weird you know it
still exists but what Twitter is right
now and what Facebook is right now and
what Instagram is right now it seems
like there's no real competitors but
specifically YouTube there's no real
competitor see cuz because when you know
I don't want to you know dog pile on no
minds or gab or anything but the problem
is when you build a social network and
this is why I will not build a social
network at least not into the next 10
years you have to understand that you
can't build a social network that mimics
another one mmm that's the brain has to
be different
that's why Snap is still here right Snap
is inside a certain demographic that's
my daughter's you know generation right
that's them right
they're on snap so when you build these
things you really have to sit down and
say like you know what's the what are we
gonna focus on like with Minds right you
post videos you post photos and then how
did the photos appear right so when I
look at mines mines is my Instagram when
you when you look at mines on mobile
that the fonts really small so it's like
I can't read this so I'm just gonna use
this or photos when I put the photos it
pops up right so it's like is mine's
going to go that route are they gonna go
the video route are they gonna go the
tweet route you gotta pick one and then
grow from there if you look at Twitter
Twitter didn't have all these features
in the beginning you just had tweet
that's it there's no threads it's none
of that
yeah so you have to start at your core
but when you the other problem they do
is they try to build these social
networks completely robust right with
all the bells and whistles of the Giants
nah bro you got to start small and slim
and then let your audience tell you what
the next feature is so what would you if
you were gonna start one up what would
it be or do not give out that
information
no it's not I don't want to give it out
information I think information to be
free but you know I I hate I hate the
idea that people want to create social
networks I'm like they exist let's use
the ones that exist and let's just
figure out how to make them better right
but when you do that then those have so
much power because they can dictate
who's on who's not on right so what you
do is when you have something like a
Twitter you use your Twitter to
congregate your minds right but then
your you know your your bills of the
world your your Andrew tours of the
world have to listen to the community
and and then curate their product around
what the community needs right
Andrew Tauber figured out what the
dissenter when he found out oh the
Internet is blocking comments mm-hmm so
he created you know you can comment on
anywhere on the Internet and then Google
Chrome smashed it right I say get that
out of here yeah why did they do that
what was the justification for getting
rid of that they want a censor they want
to censor information is that what they
want to do or they want to
the competitor from using their platform
and profiting off of it that's how I
looked at it I looked at it from about
marketing or a business perspective not
any whereabouts name because it could be
but if it becomes huge I mean anything
can become huge if it's useful yeah it
seemed useful to me that they were going
to be able to comment on anything you'll
have like a little link and if you use
gab you can comment on anything that
comes up yeah yeah you can look at it
like that I don't I feel like you know
their budgets is so huge you know their
cash reserves are so huge that they're
not worried about competition at all you
know what they're worried about is a
controlling thought hmm and and that's
their primary goal control thought right
for the betterment of the ruling class
and that's to me that's that's the end
all be all of it all but you these these
you know these these people that create
tech products like when we create coin
bits app or for example my app Jeff itas
Jeff it sighs do you only do one thing
on Zipit eyes the only thing you can do
is save a video or or Jif from Twitter I
always called a gif is it Jeff shit
I think it's Jeff I've never I don't
think I ever hear anybody say it gif
could be correct do you call Jamie
called a gif yes okay Jeff gif gif is
peanut butter
but our app does one thing right and
people love it when I first came on as a
co-founder this AB did more than that
and when it did more than that it didn't
do as well as it does now what it used
to do we had incentives to share the app
you could edit gifts you could put text
on them crop them all types of like it
had an editor in there so I was like you
know take this editor toss it out all we
had a keyboard you know it still has a
keyboard by was they took some of the
functionalities and I've started taking
stuff out just like it decided I could
just have a kit deficit and slim it down
as soon as we slimmed it down we chain
gave it a new face boom our revenue
quadrupled
once again tell people yeah gif at eyes
give it is Jamie's got it yeah GI fitr Z
the ultimate Twitter gift downloader
yeah yeah and this is this things about
to be super huge we have a gallery
coming soon and that's gonna be awesome
I'm gonna be perfectly curated I'll
speak to my partner Simone this morning
about that that's one of the fun things
about Twitter when someone says
something stupid and then you look at
all the gifts underneath it all the
names and gifts yeah so we empower
people like yeah black Twitter's on our
app so whenever there's a new video Wow
you know something funny happens and
you're using as a reaction so we I us
there's no way to save it now you can
with our app but I have only does one
thing and everybody's they love it right
that's that's the core of the business
what's the core of mine's what's the
core of gap what's the core feature is
anybody know there is not a core feature
yeah wouldn't I would say just something
as an alternative to traditional media
you see what I'm saying yeah so there is
no uniqueness where there is no
uniqueness you can't compete you have to
first create uniqueness mmm or or fill a
need there's no need for me to be on
these other platforms the problems and
you get on those other platforms and
there's no one there
yeah let me go back to Twitter real
quick yeah and that's why I say when you
build a social network the before you
build a network you have I mean before
you build the platform you have to build
a network mmm well it's interesting if
you go back to like 2003 when myspace
was king mm-hmm and then you imagine
what the world would be like 16 years
later no one would have saw this coming
no one would have saw all these social
media platforms and that it's used as a
way of breaking news now I mean
especially in places that don't have
real objective news so if you're in some
country that's some war-torn country and
some horrible shit is going down you see
the news breaking on
Twitter before anywhere oh yeah really
interesting oh yeah that's why I tell
people like screw Facebook and Instagram
the news breaks on on Twitter you know
about it Tom you know by the time I show
all my friend of my friend shows me a
video I'm like I saw it on Twitter like
two weeks ago bro because he's on
Facebook or he's on Instagram right so
it's like how do you market a product or
market yourself when you're two weeks
behind mmm behind an Instagram though I
get a lot of shit on Instagram too like
what your Joe Rogan yeah it depends on
who you're surrounded by right right so
we talk about our network is like you
know who are the people connected to you
following who you interacting with right
but I get like wow that's not true it's
gonna say I get like most of the fucked
up videos of news stories of bad things
of happening in the news come to me on
Instagram but I think send it to you
yeah but I think it's even I think it's
even with Instagram and Twitter mm-hmm
sending me things well you did when
you're Joe Rogan even if your hotel
Jesus like a people who say to me how do
you know so much I'm like yo my father
were still yeah books and links and
stuff like that like they're just
sending it to me I'm you know sometimes
I ask them sums I don't but they're
volunteering information so when you're
in that position you know you can afford
it but when so the key to marketing is
this you know you got your four PS of
marketing but the key to marketing is
relevance if what you're talking about
is irrelevant nobody's paying attention
to you right yeah so the only thing that
makes somebody's platform's relevant is
the juxtaposition to the big tech giants
you remove the tech giants are you still
relevant what makes you relevant Brian
right that's where a lot of people that
do content whether they're you know
podcasters or whatever they probably
should be thinking about developing an
email list and putting things on the
website having something available
independently of these big platforms
mm-hmm I've been thinking about that a
lot lately
doing what but something that
independent of these big platforms where
like if you mean you see all these
people that have gotten deep platforms
yeah and I don't think I'm at the risk
of that but if the core I didn't think
these people were just a few years ago
as the climate shifts and people get
more and
more radical with this idea of deep
platforming I think it becomes like a
game of like shooting ducks people get
excited about it they like taking people
out whether it makes sense or not and I
think there's a lot of that going on
where people are calling for people to
be TD platform just because they
disagree with them and so far these big
tech companies have resisted some of it
but not not enough of it for my taste
yeah yeah you know my boy Alex Jones
they got him out of here I think you
know if I was Alex my ego would be so
huge after getting deep platformed well
when we did a podcast together after he
was deep platforming it was one of the
biggest podcast of all time yeah what
are you like 16 million YouTube videos
that's your high he's won meanwhile
YouTube did not deem monetize that one
we let them know in advance just heads
up Alex Jones is coming on yeah and then
they just took that money
it's interesting how it works right like
what they choose to deep platform what
they don't choose to you know it's um I
mean I don't like the argument that
they're they're doing it for our good I
don't I don't think they are
who made them god yeah who made them you
know mom and said this is good for you
do you think they should be forced to
follow the First Amendment no what do
you think they should be forced to do
nothing nothing nothing I think I think
they should be operating in a manner
that doesn't hurt earth you know it
doesn't hurt so nature right if they're
polluting or doing something that harms
somebody specifically then yes right so
if they become a giant monopolies just
because they're better than everything
else that's available like u2 has become
then they run the show but there's
always the underground yeah look at
hip-hop right there's always been a
hunger underground hip hop comedy as
well comedy as well you know so you got
dudes you know so I was talking to
somebody today would talk about
consciousness conscious hip-hop and do
say all there's no money in conscious
hip-hop I'm like what like feral March
tours consistently dead prez dead prez
yeah tours a sister never had any
mainstream
at all the only the closest thing they
had to mainstream's when they were Dave
Chappelle's block party okay that was
about it yeah yeah so it's like you
don't need mainstream we don't need me
stream you know me here's the thing with
mainstream when you get mainstream you
dat bitch now you gotta play by the
rules you know and and once you break
those rules you get D platforms what you
need to do is you need to focus on
building your own platform so they can't
touch you when I get to a certain place
say if you were helping me out I called
you in hotep Jesus yeah I need some help
right what do I do with this platform
this platform right here oh dang if they
come down on us uh I so you got a
self-hosted probably on blockchain
um I would definitely bitch you just
locked oh how do I self hosted on
blockchain I don't know blockchain is
one of those words that I use that I
don't really understand me I just say
cuz it's a cool buzzword it sounds like
if you eat some dude as a tech guy like
yourself as a tech startup and you start
talking about blockchain I go oh yeah I
just nod my head BOC trained my friend
uploaded mp3 to the bsv network maybe
okay it's just very confusing you know I
was trying to ask him or like a
knowledge that's on there yeah Wow how
are people gonna get it and like he
wanted to just be like the first on
there which he is whatever I did might
not be bsv I might be speaking right you
wrap her friend yes okay hey he's just
like yeah but that's where it's at I was
like talking to him for that like he's
almost my guinea pig like alright you
did it how you figured it out now how do
I get a three hour podcast on there
right how are people gonna get it it's
like it's not figured out yet people are
definitely working on it and then every
day there's been advances yeah I just
don't know I don't know how it's gonna
go I mean you could build your own clout
yes you know build your own cloud and
self host and you know you you know else
you could do you could connect with all
your other celebrity buddies pull your
resources together and just build a
competitor and then on this space be
like I'm the new YouTube it's called
Rogan tube now hmm you know what I mean
you could do that and then everybody
just runs to your platform I'd support
it I'd have to have been way better name
do that without using Google's cloud
services we need to do is buy Vimeo
demeo's dying on the vine that bitch is
barely alive
what's so so Mike so these questions
that you ask right like there's a late
day on the internet kind of right almost
so these these questions that you ask I
don't know I don't code right so what we
do is we we get the best tech minds in
the building and we ask them the
questions hey answer this it's not like
they can't answer them they're gonna
find solutions there's always away you
know just got to put the right mods in
the room mm-hmm you know the right minds
in the room and the right people that
are influencers they can get the word
out yeah you have to you gotta follow
the drop on a napkin rule and you know
when you put the the drop on the napkin
it spreads out right so you got a figure
you know who's your network and then you
know maybe build like 12 people around
and make sure that these people are
linked you know based upon interest
right so then it starts at those
interest points or affinities and then
the next tier grows out from there but
as long as that tight-knit group all
right so the problem gap right it's all
people say oh it's all Nazis right well
that's that tight-knit group tight-knit
group of Nazis so shirt says that it's
not just that it's not just that you
know 100 regular folks in one Nazi that
Nazi becomes the defining factor of the
group
well there's nazis in there right so you
know it's not that at all but there is a
strong white nationalist movement that
first gravitated over there if he didn't
have that there would be no gap do you
think so I mean I don't think so at all
really yeah like what would go there
people that got kicked off of Twitter
but the only people that got kicked off
sweat in the early days with a white
nationalist well who's the first people
like one if you go back to McKenna's
yeah Gavin McGuinness is an interesting
character he does not identify as a
white nationalist
no he does not and his wife is actually
Native American he's he's just made some
stupid choices right well I mean like
Baked Alaska was kind of thrown into
that yeah but he just saw me
maker God makes funny memes very funny
right entertaining but I think it comes
down to who's dangerous or not
yeah well the proud boys became a
dangerous idea because once you have a
group and you don't control who joins
the group then assholes can join your
group and then your group has made out
of assholes like well I didn't want it
to be assholes but well you let anybody
in if you let anybody in a group yeah I
just have a joke about vegans about that
the problem with any group is the same
like if you get any group of a hundred
people if you in a room with a hundred
people yeah what's the odds that one of
them's gonna be a fucking idiot
what's a hundred percent one of them's
gonna be a fucking idiot well if you
have 300 million people you're gonna
have by odds three million fucking
idiots right and the joke was a lot of
them are vegans yeah yeah it doesn't
it's not there's anything wrong with
vegans it's wrong with a group and
people just identify they get in that
group and this is my group and I'm here
to represent and then it's just dummies
did the thing with the brow boys is the
ruling elite are afraid of men you know
it's a huge toy boy movement coming down
it's gonna buck on a pike right I mean
so everywhere if anybody's listening
right now or everybody that's listening
right now soy is bad for you it's not
good it is very bad it's processed
nonsense using estrogen yes well it acts
based of phytoestrogens known as 8:05
phytoestrogens
that attacked the integrins endocrine
glands system now we look at the
endocrine gland system of people in the
spiritual world
endocrine gland system is the physical
manifestation of the so called chakras
right now at the heart chakra what we
have is called the thymus gland and the
thymus gland is the one that controls
your sexual maturity and when you have
an endocrine gland disrupter your sexual
maturity is affected so a man who would
ordinarily like women now likes you see
what I'm saying but wouldn't you have to
have massive quantities of soy for that
that's that subjective based upon your
biological structure I always think of
it as more it's like a fun thing to say
I don't think you know here's a tofu you
turn into a bitch
well here's
think you can't go in a grocery store
and find something that doesn't have
silly when you go look at your cheez-its
or your crackers it was sa soy less it
then soy and everything so your way
right they use it as filler for some
meats so the whole vegan movement right
you go and you go get you your burger
burger yeah right a lot of these burgers
a soy-based lot of more plant-based for
sure plant-based oils right but so is
not good for you
right and then you also look at the
links between soy and cancer but that's
a whole nother story but when you have
something that's disrupting your so
called chakras you can see how you can
start affecting an entire population of
people right you start affecting their
development at an early age and then you
know you got these men who are acting
like women who can't even you know
control their wives
you got some men out here that uh let
another man sleep with their girlfriend
right oh dear I don't know about here
well you're saying out here well when I
see how here I mean that's everywhere
yeah yeah but not just people just kinky
in a weird shit well no you know think
so no what do you think it is I think
it's pushed I think debauchery is highly
pushed yeah by who the ruling elite
ruling class I want to say really
because I'm not a lead to sit around and
go you know we need to do we need to
push the bout right well when you look
at the degradation of Russia right for
the Bolshevik Revolution what they do is
they come in first with alcohol right
said he purchase your hops and your
barley and he produced alcohol then what
they do is they sell the alcohol to the
farmer on credit cuz he ain't got no
money right because he'd been drunk he
hasn't been producing the crops like he
should he falls into credit he falls
into debt when he falls into debt he's
now a slave to the land he once owned
now and I can sell whatever I want to
this population or give this population
whatever I want because they are now
technically my slave but in order to
rule a nation of people you have to
destroy morality you have to just
oi integrity so you feed them drugs
alcohol and sex and in tear apart the
family but do you think that that's just
a natural progression of people's
slovenly instincts or do you think that
some sort of a granny we have a slovenly
instinct some people do yeah I think
some people are lazy and some people
weak and some people greedy and some
people just they lean towards they lean
towards just pleasure without sacrifice
and discipline because it's easy they
just lay in bed a jerk-off I don't think
anybody's telling them I don't think
there's any sinister government
manipulating their strings that makes
them watch porn all day I think they're
just yeah it actually you know Instagram
is a gateway to porn Instagram you can't
go any screen without looking at some
booty right yeah but it's also a gateway
to sunsets and people's kids and muscle
cars come on Joe cool shit anybody going
on Instagram
it has sunsets people are going to
Instagram to look at booty there's a lot
of that no yoga community has went from
hey check out my back asana to check out
my backside
yeah that's right a lot of yoga pants'
pecs booty booty booty just booty alone
is an industry it is a giant industry
it's the grand yeah so what happens is
you you wake up in the morning you check
your notifications then your homie tags
you look at this chick bone right now
you have an erection
what's the first thing you do you like
ah let me go to my browser open
incognito browsing hit point home boom
now you out of here right now your days
done you just depleted your energy right
and this coming out in my book where I
talk about you know why you shouldn't go
off and all that stuff but you write
that you shouldn't jerk off yeah you
never well there's a calculation
algorithm yeah there's a jerk off
algorithm it's a creative audit out the
Taoists sexology and i think it's your
age times to know your age divided by
two times when I do I forget what it is
it's in my book I can't remember it but
I got it from the towel right which is
why I don't
memorize time point eight times point
two things age times point two and then
they tell you how many days right so at
my age I'm 38 now my age it's about
seven and a half days between
ejaculation to mean to maintain Who I am
really yeah and to him yes so a man's
strength is his balls frankness right
every time you deplete yourself you're
not the same man anymore you lose your
superpowers now when you lose your
superpowers to some you know IG model
it's not even worthy your orgasm doesn't
feel the same as a natural interaction
with a woman right you know I mean true
so yeah you're wasting your superpower
on like a fictional fantasy so you're
wasting a percentage of your vital
energy your vital energy as well as the
proteins and minerals and zinc and
magnesium and all that stuff that you
know is lost yeah you know I think it's
equivalent to like two New York strip
steaks eggs oranges and apples or
something like that
really oh yeah it's a lot of vitamins
there so I have a wound on the size of
loads you shoot though no oh you should
swallow whoa Jesus ladies I'm sorry
that's why you should ingest it if the
man is healthy because it's a full meal
it's a full meal it's a full meal of
nutrients that a man loses there's a
vial available that way one of em is
done studies I'm sure they have I bet
people done like nutrition slash load
studies probably a startup out there
like trying to do this right now
yeah it calculated into an app mm-hmm
where is this conversation going now
we're talking about manipulating you
turning you into a soy boy oh yeah you
you think there's actually this is where
we differ
you think there's actual manipulation
taking place I think it's just natural
instincts and then I think that people
see it around them and then they cater
to those natural instincts and then they
support those natural instincts I think
people have a natural instinct to be
undisciplined and lazy and just
gratuitous and you know yeah dive into
pleasure before sacrifice and commitment
and so are we making excuses for it not
making excuses I think it's a also the
softness of the world we live in
oh yeah maybe we live in this incredibly
easy to get by in the world right you
know where the poor people are fat yeah
there's never been a time in history
where poor people are fat yeah yeah dad
that comes down to we're in the actual
food yeah so coffee it's certainly that
is certainly the food is garbage but
it's also that this is a strange lack of
discipline because it's not yeah it's
not necessary all you do is just show up
to your job put in the the least amount
of effort you can without getting fired
and you can exist right that didn't a
that didn't happen in the wild world
when people hunters and gatherers
if you didn't put 100% effort if you
didn't really struggle you didn't make
it you're wearing a benefit to the tribe
and they kicked your ass out and you got
eaten yeah yeah yeah yeah that's how
it's supposed to be I do agree with that
yeah I do agree with that discipline is
is you know what we have to demand from
people you know but you know your your
culture has to recognize the battery in
and and shun it and ban it and say like
hey you know we don't want this here
mm-hmm you know
porn is readily available on Twitter and
watch your writing your feet sometimes
girl on my feet I know like that's a
weird thing about Twitter isn't it that
it's a giant platform but they allow
porn yeah so you know when I had jack on
and with Tim Poole and I think Tim Poole
didn't even know the poem was legal on
it yeah right yeah I found it a little
bit of information I don't know accurate
samples Twitter use no on the
ejaculation frequency recommended by the
towels yeah it said the most respected
of the town theorists son Samia quoted
above recommends ejaculation no more
than once every 20 days for men over 50
oh Jesus and no more than once every
hundred days for men over 60 without I
should be dead okay and it has to do it
there's no energy how am I getting
everything done you're getting age
retarding hormones as you're about to
ejaculate and then there's a
level you want to keep before you
ejaculate so so allowance what you're
before you excrete the hormones that's
what it's saying
so Tantra you're supposed to come and
turn there's a yeah there's a level you
can like optimize yourself in Jack
ulation and Kolya must be one of their
fucking minds I'm trying to get rid of
this shit I've always said that it helps
you think because too many times with a
man of your your mind is clouded by
sexual desire if you could just jerk off
and then you can think clearly I always
tell myself a bit about it I say jerk
off first then think about it like if
you jerk off and then you want to call
girls because you love her you're not
just trying to fuck you actually I like
her as a human being you want to be
around her you don't just be want to
want to be around it for sex you
actually really love her yeah I think
there's a level of discipline right so
yeah if you got about to make that that
risky text message yeah you might want
to shoot shallow and that's what I'm
talking about but you like what I'm
gonna watch some fucking documentary
ahead phone down but that's for
undisciplined man yes right so a
discipline man is gonna say no I'm not
gonna send this thirst trap you know
this this thirsty comment I'm gonna stay
disciplined in who I am because in order
to get the woman I have to stay away
from the woman yeah you know in order to
get the woman I have to stay away from
the line yeah and and and and and
keeping your your at your vital man
energy for me keeps me like on edge like
I'm always like an animal you know right
right um because I want to release right
I'm saying so what I do is I'll work up
that energy and then channel it into
work mmm I'll just immediately pull my
laptop out just bang out because it's
like that frustration there and then
just you got to release it that way I'll
go run and I'll go work out mmm but when
I get around women what a full sec
I'm not the same as when I'm empty yes
and they see you can see the difference
in how they attracted you you sit up
different your chest pokes out hmm when
you're around other men you're like a
little bit more edgy yeah yeah you know
I mean after you blow your load you're
kind of like chilled out yeah a non
competitive non-competitive yeah you
hold on to that like fighters you know
how to fight go fight Mike Tyson never
did that Mike Tyson said no oh always
like the kammath much as possible fun
I'm not distracted just shoot his loads
and I beat the fuck out of everybody but
I think Mike had a lot of extra loads I
think if you had a guess his level he
was just that ultra man you know there
was it was not a regular man a research
published by the US National Library of
Medicine and National Institutes of
Health found that after seven days of
not ejaculating men's testosterone
levels reached 145 point 7 percent of
the baseline the interesting thing is
that they didn't observe significant
fluctuations from the baseline on Days
two through five the research also
showed that the peak levels were at day
seven yeah risks Dow it's actually Dow
by the way it's ta oh it sucks you say
it is brow okay the Dow of gee kundo
okay risks of to frequent ejaculation
when sex is performed with the
recommended Dow frequency it becomes an
inexhaustible source of energy like a
well that never runs dry
yeah however when a jack layton
frequency exceeds the capacity of the
body to fully replenish the semen man
can experience chronic fatigue low
resistance loss of sex drive loss of
focus and irritability long-term
excessive exact ulation can cause
chronic low zinc conditions which can
cause chronic fatigue mental confusion
and significant loss of sexual drive but
what if you're with a freak like that
girl will Harris was talking about my
friend will Harris was in here the other
day and who say he used to meet these
girls and go over see Oh it's also
considered harmful to ejaculate when ill
drunk or gorged with food whoa here's
the night the next line Oh which one
jack
in control and discipline is not to be
confused the frequency of sex there are
significant physiologic phys what's a
word physiological I'm think there
supposed to be a period there Oh
physiologic and therapeutic benefits to
having sex frequent sex intercourse
maintains a man's interest in the acts
as well as his capacity to continue
indefinitely until his partner is fully
satisfied
so they're saying fuck but don't come
yes don't be brother fucker mine I come
every time I fuck
yo III I used to all try to get rid of
stuff I used to fuck fucker girls heads
like that we would not come yeah really
they start crying Wow I had a girl like
straight down break yo cry I can't
please you is it me is it no I'm just
like no I just wanted you to be happy
how you feel feel good good then I go
and I hit the laptop and it just tears
me up said oh really
because Eicher wants them to get you to
come yes women only respect a discipline
man you know what's true once a woman
can drop your defenses she's no longer
attracted to you if she can control you
she's not attracted to you a woman once
a man she could chase in my book I'll
talk about how women are the apex
predator they're the ones that chase
after sex I mean they can have sex
endlessly right once we nut is like
we're pretty much done like I mean give
me a couple minutes to recharge but it
could keep going yes so they're you know
technically like you know freaks or
whatever but just because she's
undisciplined in her sexual energy
doesn't mean you have to be and if she
feels like she has to go outside of the
relationship to go get her fix that's
the one hood it has nothing to do with
you your aspirations as a man are higher
than sex a woman's role is to create
life and support the man the man's role
is to create the fortune the future of
humanity you know building things and
innovation it is true that a woman is
not attracted to God without discipline
like men who are lazy and weak that a
giant turn-off - yeah a woman but if a
woman is hot she could be pretty lazy
absolutely they are the laziest people
we don't care
men okay I don't care if a girl's lazy
she's hot well long as her body holds up
why she can get to the gym I used to
make girls work to get me man really
yeah like you know I would say you know
I'm working on his project you know I'm
saying a spreadsheet over I need you to
go organize it and if she'd say no I'd
just be like all right well you're
worthless to my life
I need I need some lions gonna bill with
me right well if she's building on her
own shit fuck her shit go Pilcher shit
you know if you need help I'll help you
right but you know you want a partner
you don't want just a lover that's what
we're saying no no you want someone to
help you no I want her to prove her
worth whoa she got to be worried you to
get me like you know it's easy to get a
girl he's gonna get him good man you
know you only gonna fire one hotep Jesus
in your life I could find a ton of you
shorty Wow you everywhere Instagram
after Joe Rogan is there gonna be they
gonna be everywhere okay but now some
would say that that's a sexist
generalization sure I don't care what I
don't care look you can have that
conversation like bring me your platform
we could talk you know if you want to
call it sexes it is what it is have you
ever had a conversation with like a
radical feminist about this kind of
thinking
no they won't talk to me they all
blocked me they block you know the whole
black laughs and feminists the reason
why he blocked me is cuz they can't beat
me right when we have conversations I'm
so objective that it's too dangerous for
them to engage with me though cuz I'll
be like it's sexist yes and so let's
let's continue the conversation and then
that's where they don't want to go then
they're gonna have to provide
reinforcement in evidence and a deal
with an educated man and I'm gonna come
with my evidence and facts so you don't
have a problem being sexist that's what
the problem is because if someone calls
you sexist and you go yeah yeah I'm
sexist - this is like a somebody called
me racist or whatever I don't care what
your opinion is I don't care about these
isms that you create I understand nature
I understand myself that's an
interesting thing that I see today this
I find really strange is that people
that are
eyeing evolutionary biology I mean
there's yeah decades of research being
done why people behave the way they
behave what women are attracted to what
men are attracted to and what the
spectrum ISM hmm and then they say
scientists racist yeah that's what's
weird science is sexist it'll fuck your
science
it's fucking fascinating to me when
people don't want to look at it because
it doesn't support their ideology they
want to deny all this research deny all
these really objective geniuses that
have been studying all this stuff and
the best minds in the field have come to
these conclusions based on just
insurmountable amounts of data mm-hmm
not interested yeah so fine I'll
patriarchy yeah I have a shirt that says
I am the patriarchy like no matter what
you throw at me I'm just gonna embrace
it and I say yeah Israel there is a
patriarchy there's also a matriarchy
mm-hmm you need to handle your
matriarchy and stop worrying about the
patriarchy because if you handled you a
matriarchy the patriarchy wouldn't be
your problem your problem is you don't
have to be a woman what do you think is
a good piece of advice for women on how
to be a woman a good piece of advice I
watch it like woman Hotel hotel teaches
women Hotel teaches women hmm what's a
good emotional control emotional and so
it said the number-one problem I see
with women is uh a lot here right all
right let's go here okay women let they
friends they tell a frenzied business
yes
stop that stop telling your friends your
business tops to you when I have
problems with you know my girl or no in
the past when I have problems with women
and run.bat you'll guess woman you mean
we don't do that if my friends do that
they better be laughing right if my
friend goes to decide to believe with
this said to me I think they give you a
hard time but but if they go to the New
Moon she wants me to quit my job like
hey don't do that to me man
yeah put that shit on me yeah you know
um so so so I think women also you have
to understand that they're they're
giving this information to a friend who
is also single why
a woman gets in a relationship she loses
a friend right because now you have less
time to spend with your bestie so the
besties jealous of the relationships and
whenever you go back and tell her she's
never gonna give you sound advice true
she's always gonna take your side
yep so you have to judge your friends
and say well if I'm giving this
information to my friend is she an
objective friend or she a subjective
friend she's gonna feed my ego then you
can't analyze that on your own then
you'll never have peace in your
relationship because the worst thing to
do is here's the problem the
relationships built on trust so if a man
and a woman come together and you tell
all my business to your friend where's
the trust where's our privacy hmm we
have done right we have none we don't
have a relationship you have a
relationship with your friend so go be
with your friend I don't got time to be
you know I something happens in my
personal life I'm gonna go tell this
strange girl what happened in my
personal life something I told you that
was private to relate it to something
else that could be happening in our
relationship I mean yeah I think we have
different instincts women have the
instinct to gossip they love it it comes
from that hunter-gatherer culture mm-hmm
we're back in the day that's what
happened the men would go out and try to
hunt the food and the women would stay
home and they would talk shit yeah
absolutely yeah again discipline
yourself women yeah
another thing get a hobby a healthy one
hmm women don't have hobbies their
hobbies are like consumerism don't all
of them halt not not all oh I know women
with hobbies all of them but you know in
my book I say you know say all because
it gets to people go right um get some
upset yeah it gets people gone cuz they
always go well no it's um it's like I
know it's some you moron you know what
I'm saying but I say all just to get
people going but majority women don't
have hobbies you know do Saudi think
that is because they're inundated with
advertising you know their hobbies
become consumerism
you know you know retail therapy or you
know I do makeup for fun no you don't do
makeup for fun that's not what you do
that's not a hobby makeups not a hobby
I'm sorry ladies a hobby is something
that develops your your individual
person something that makes you better
it's some kind of a discipline an art
form right some way to express yes yeah
some physical thing that you do
like so we're like one of my hobbies is
chess right that helps me focus when I
when I see that my attention span is
getting short because I spent too much
time on social media I go to chess and
I'll spend time on chess to bring that
back to reality you play physical chess
when you play online ah ah ah yeah I can
do Oh TV but you know I do
what's ot be over the board oh that's
that means physical pause that's how
that's what you call it yes call TV yes
you do speed chess we hit the timer do
you do regular chess or online I do
speeches I do 5-minute games that's
impressive
yeah yeah it's it's it's a whole nother
I'm in scared of chess I've always been
scared of chess I have an obsession with
games
yeah real problems and chess is it's one
of them I've played it a little bit yeah
but I'm like fuck this could take over
my life it would yeah yeah yeah you know
if I'm not careful I'll be sleeping and
and playing chess uh yeah like sometimes
I'll be chilling like we'll be having a
conversation and I'll space out and be
doing chess problems in my head so that
happens sometimes oh you know a lot
especially on days that I play a lot of
chess
I remember Howard Stern was really
getting in chess and he was taking
private lessons he was talking about all
the time but I think he found the same
thing do you remember that I think he
found the same thing I think he just got
too obsessed with it's like I can't
fucking do this anymore yeah yeah well
one of my life goals is to be a chess
master one day really yeah yeah you know
and when you say chess master what do
you have to do to be a master okay so
you have national master the
International master and then you have
game master or the GM I forget what it's
called national master you have to
participate and I believe one of the
tournaments one of the I forget the
Federation but you have to enter in one
of these tournaments and you have to
place a certain you know I think it's
maybe top two or top three at a certain
tournament don't quote me on this stuff
but you have to go through the
tournament's and I think in order to
become international you have to first
become national master and the national
master you can go be international if
I'm not mistaken and then you know GM do
you ever see the video of Eddie Fisher
or Bob Fisher when Bobby Fisher was
walking
this row of chess games he was playing
yeah like ten different games
simultaneously yeah the the the champ
now Carlsen does something similar where
Carlsen will play you know several
people or he'll play without a board
that always interested me I've seen
people do that yeah I knew who went to
prison was playing with it's his pool
hall that he's play out in White Plains
executive billiards and this kid was a
chess master as like a 16 year old I
don't know master I'm he's remote chess
genius right 16 year old kid and he was
playing with this dude who was like in
his 40s who had been in prison he
learned how to play chess with no board
in prison so there was just sitting
across from each other talking he's
saying the moves and then they were both
like recognize where the pieces were on
the board yeah really interesting yeah I
mean that that level of visualization is
where humanity has to take itself you
know that's why I say chess is great
because it allows you to visualize and
in order manifest your desires in this
world you have to be able to visualize
what you want mmm the more you can focus
the more you can visualize the better
your mind is I believe because our life
is based upon visualization museums and
yeah a woman need to get back to that
tool visualizing goal I think women are
are very spiritual
so in Africa there's this I'm slippin on
my studies I study it's a long time ago
but the man is holding a child and the
woman is pointing up to the sky right
and it's like the man is like that
earthly thing like we handle things in a
physical and the woman's sort of like
that into intuitive being women have to
get back to being that intuitive being
because if you notice our women always
seem to warn us about stuff right oh
damn I should have listened to that time
yeah you don't I'm saying they have to
get back to their spiritual nature and I
think a lot of them get away from that
and now to ground them to when they
won't need so much emotional support
from friends and family because they are
back in their spiritual nature well how
does a woman do that
you just our meditation you know
meditate and being happy which is being
alone with yourself a lot of people
can't be alone with themselves yeah you
know they always need like some sort of
device this is an interesting that it's
attractive when people are capable of
being alone yeah I remember these two
girls were talking about some guy that
one of them was dating and she goes yeah
he's really into his career which is a
huge turn-on
I was like oh that's interesting yeah he
just needs time he's disciplined he
works all the time he's always working
on his career which is a huge turn-on
you told those people Cluckers well
women have to get back to that to like
yeah I'll learn how to pick a good man
sometimes y'all at picking crap men
based upon the money or things that they
have you getting relate to you find a
hundred thousand dollars in debt
he's got these things I think women have
to get better at seeing potential in men
but don't they have to be tricked a few
times before they can see the the
problems yeah yeah that's yeah that's a
fucking dirty thing for a girl let some
loser fuck you and go god damn it yeah
yeah I had him thought I had a winner
yeah I mean I I've been a victim of debt
well not in the victim but you know I've
done that too many of myself sorry
ladies no day yeah yeah I've done some
wrong stuff well you become a different
person as time goes on yes you grow from
it part of evolution of the human yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I I think
society's expectations and women are
it's very difficult for a man to
understand it you know we see it from
the outside but to feel it there's a
woman it's got to be very different I
mean and there's a lot of women out
there that are looking for a man like a
successful man they're looking for a
successful man and they want to attach
themselves and that's like that's the
goal yeah there's no that's not a goal
of men so it's very difficult for us to
understand that our goal for pretty now
obviously we're generalizing right but
our goal is to be successful ourselves
right well you can't you can't know what
man you want unless you know who you are
hmm and a lot of people are getting in
relationships without being in
relationship with themselves first so
when you know in order to
have a sound relationship you have to
know your socio-economic stance it's sad
when you get into a relationship with a
conservative and get liberal and I start
arguing about Donald Trump mmm and a
relationship breaks because he's on one
side these are the conversations that
you need to have up front and if you
don't know where you are politically in
socio-economic Lee for example they say
a lot of relationships break up because
of money right mm-hmm you got one
person's a bad spender the other ones
thrifty right these are the conversation
you know at first how do you manage your
money no are you good with your money
you know and if you guys don't agree
with how you want to pull your resource
and how you want to pull your money and
what you want to do with it in the
future you know some people and you
might get in relationship with a girl
and she's like I want to push you know I
want to land rover and I'm like I want a
business I want a VC you know what I
mean
yeah so you have two people that are
going separate directions one's going
it's consumer and one's going in and
pending you know producer out so you
have to first see are you a consumer
maybe you need to be acquainted with a
consumer are you a producer you don't
need to be with a consume what you need
to find some - producer so if you if you
agree on social economics you'll have a
better relationship with people but you
have to know what you want out of life
first and then find people connect based
upon that not the physical looks and all
that other stuff yeah and I think
sometimes people think they want
something because it's very difficult to
attain they see these things they go oh
that's the that's the prize yeah we know
the thing is he stuff aren't hard to
obtain like you know getting a Porsche
isn't hard right it's hard for a lot of
people depends on how much make what you
do what kind of job you're trapped in
heart is relative right you know like
like I tell my kids heart is basically
undiscovered that's all it is right so
for example when you first do algebra
it's hard right but that's just because
it's new so hard equals new that's what
hard means it's new because once you do
algebra three four five ten times it's
not new anymore and therefore it's not
hard so once you break past the the
newness of a thing it's no longer hard
like building a business it's not new
to me therefore it's not hard it's very
easy for me to build a business yeah
because I've done it so many times in my
life you see I'm saying Japheth eyes is
cash flowing Forex what it was doing
when I first joined the company I know I
did was make a few tweaks that's only
because I'm not new to the tech started
space
I've been working with over 20 startups
over 20 startups in a matter of two
three years as a consultant so this
stuff when people say oh it's hard it's
like no that's how hard it's new and
you're an idiot and you don't know what
you're doing it's not hard to achieve
anything his life my you know I just
work for 50 cent right and uh yeah when
I lived in New Brunswick right by
Rutgers I wasn't really a 50 cent fan I
enjoyed his music I wasn't a fan to buy
a poster I bought this poster was him
and g-unit and had this big stash of
money I was like yo this just this
poster motivates me you fast forward 10
years and some other things I did to get
close to 50 and I actually work with 50
that was technically hard right it's not
easy to get next to 50 but when I did it
it happened like that then I started
working with Carmelo Anthony so you're
saying once it actually happened it
turned out it wasn't actually hard no
hardly there's some people know they're
just not disciplined hmm hard hard is
dealing with yourself that's what's hard
can you defeat your own mind so it when
I wake up every morning the only thing I
got to defeat is doubt it's the only
thing I have to defeat once I defeat
doubt I live in a limitless world
infinite possibilities I can literally
do anything so so people told me Oh in
order to be in tech you know you need a
million dollars and and that's that and
the dirt dude I got equity in three tech
companies three tech companies and I'm
not rich I didn't you know put up
millions to get into these companies I'm
part of these companies because I built
me and it wasn't hard
well he wasn't hard to get to these
companies I just had something to offer
and they saw value in me I want to be
the next
Elon Musk I want to be the next Bill
Gates I want to be the guy that
Zuckerberg hates you see I'm saying I
want to be the guy that that builds the
new Silicon Valley on the East Coast you
know that like that's those are my
aspirations so when people tell me what
you can and can't not do when it's hard
I'm like dude I'm selling Bitcoin how
many black dudes do you know sell
Bitcoin none I'll call anybody who sells
Bitcoin exactly and people are telling
me this is hard it's not hard you you
you get what you want and and I didn't
get in the Bitcoin out of dumb luck I
manifested that I said I wanted to sell
Bitcoin how can I manifest it then I let
it go and the universe brought me the
opportunity and then it happened when I
said when I first said I want to be a VC
first thing I want to do is start
building a portfolio I didn't look for
companies they found me it just I just
had to ask the universe and it presented
opportunities and I just had to so what
do you mean buddy had to ask the
universe I had to put the intention out
there so do you think that literally by
thinking about things you can make them
happen you can make the opportunity
present itself and then you have to be
ready to take advantage so let's we got
to walk through the story - 50 cent
thing right so I get invited to his bus
launch right for the company now I'm
sitting on the bus they move me to the
back because of security reasons so I'm
in the back of the bus when the bus
start moving in my head
fear kicks in and doubt kicks in and I'm
telling myself I should just hop with
the bus stop and I said I should just
hop up and just start screaming I'm on a
bus or 50 cent and I'm like no I don't
do a damn fight at you I hear you got to
sit here and that's not right and you
know all these things society says is
right so I stand up and I go yo want to
boss a fitty cent right and in the whole
crowd rushes the bus after the crowd
finishes they take one of the energy
drink shirts they throw it on me throw
the head on me they bring me to the
front of the bus now I'm sitting next to
50 cent fast forward two years later I'm
in a 50 cent company but it's because I
started off with defeat in doubt but
also listening to my intuition my
intuition said to hop up and do that
right
the opportunity was presented to me I
didn't I didn't create opportunity they
DM me and said yo we want you to come
I didn't ask they invited me but it's
because I kept putting that 50 cent
energy out there hmm these names I kept
putting that out there like y'all wanna
mess with 50 cent I want missing for ten
years I've been putting information that
that energy out there 50 of you
listening yo holla at me I want to work
with you again on but I really just
really love 15 his attitude he's just
really a fun dude you know he had a
funny thing about Father's Day this is
round about Father's Day there's your
Father's Day and Mother's Day but you
know the universe anything you ask for
it will present the opportunity the only
thing is are you woke enough to see it
can you identify it when it hits and and
and can you defeat the fear to 10 do you
have all the other bases in your life
covered we have the bandwidth to tackle
some correct difficult correct correct
but usually the universe only present
you opportunities you can handle they
don't usually it doesn't because if you
couldn't handle it you wouldn't be able
to recognize it do you say this like the
universe presents us to you this like a
spiritual concept I mean is this like
are you manifesting reality with your
thoughts and intentions do you really
believe that all of that why do you
believe that because I lived it I was
very still but you lived it and you're
successful at it see that's why my
perspective on that is always you hear
about things like the secret in the law
of attraction you hear that from people
that are successful there I willed it
into existence
yeah but what about the people that
tried to will it into existence and
nothing ever worked out right well or at
labora right or at labora latin for work
and praying a lot of people going to the
secret just praying but they ain't
working right
that's support you know so I did see
what you say I don't look it in the same
way but I look at it in a similar way I
think there is something to intention
there's something and there's something
also to having that kind of faith to
believe in intention whereas I think a
lot of people they're reluctant to give
in to that because it seems to woowoo
and games like some crystals and fucking
astrology and horseshit you know I mean
because there's a lot of that out there
a lot of it's a the New Age has ruined
the law of attraction mmm you know I
mean oh just speaking into assistant
habit no that's not true you have to
first educate yourself so we talked
about hotep right I mean talk about
hotep you got to bring up the five
percent nation you got to bring up
supreme mathematics zero site for one
knowledge to wisdom three understanding
but it first starts it to number one
right number one is knowledge so the
problem is people are trying to manifest
but he ain't got no knowledge of
anything right so how do you manifest
something with no knowledge you got to
educate yourself you've got to first
start educating yourself discipline
yourself so that you can educate
yourself as well right and also
knowledge is the springboard for
imagination right so if there's a
complicated calculus problem but you
don't know what calculus is how can
intuition
feed you insight or inspiration to solve
a calculus problem you first have to
have the knowledge of calculus then when
you get it you get all this influx of
inspiration like Einstein talks about
you know you sits down and kind of
meditates and then the inspiration comes
but the inspiration can only talk to you
based upon your understanding saying yes
so the problem is people out here not
educating themselves you know I my day
begins and ends with educating myself
begins ends in during the day I'm just
reading books hopping between books and
reading and listening to lectures and
people think I'm deep and I'm like I
don't know I don't know whatever
whatever one might eligible really my
secret is consuming as much information
as possible
hmm that's my secret and then from that
I'm able to say oh well you know you
know studying history you know you can
you do a lot of things but if you're not
educating yourself or doing you got to
do something like just start you know
what I mean when you said you're gonna
write a new book you're in the middle of
writing a book are you putting this kind
of stuff in your book all right so the
next ID lines like that I'm sorry to
interrupt yeah guidelines like that is
that thing that's very critical when
someone sees someone who's successful
and see someone they see someone is
disciplined and focused like okay what
are you what are your guidelines how do
you do this and how like so a year
laying it out like right now so so this
book here right this Twitter marketing
yeah this book is the how how do you do
it right like how do you physically
build a brand from start using Twitter
as a platform now this book can actually
be used for any platform I just use
Twitter as the example right but this is
the how that people won't tell you about
what marketers won't tell you about this
is the house right that's all the
seekers in there now the next book I
have is with the editor it's done it's
written that's for men and how to have
peaceful relationships with women
right because as we see it as a gender
war in America so we need to create
peace and what I say is the fault isn't
on the women to focus on the men right
so that book was the cover was designed
by Rollo Tomassi the rational male
author then we have the book a hotel as
what you're talking about
which is already written I wrote it two
three years ago and it's that that
structure for your life so you can
manifest these things you know so you
can use spirit in your work to manifest
these things if you're a Christian
there's secrets in the Bible that show
you how to you know manifest things mmm
so you have to you can't ignore your
spiritual self if you ever watch Doctor
Strange she pushes him out in his astral
body come down so the human being is
dual nature we have our physical body
than we have a hash-table body if you
never connect with your astral body you
only use a half of your potential what's
your astral body it's it's basically an
ethereal version of your physical body
but it's not bound by time and space so
what do you mean by that thought what
does that mean what do you mean what is
that the real version of your spiritual
body like it's not physical you can't
touch it okay right you can't like
interact with it right okay but it can
travel through space and time right all
we talked about our higher selves or we
can to make things more understandable
because all this stuff is based upon a
subconscious mind right so you use your
subconscious mind to program I mean use
your conscious mind to program your
- smile then subconscious mind
communicated to your higher mind in a
higher mind that's what the magic stuff
happens it's out of your control now the
higher mind or spirit or God or Jesus
whatever you want to believe in that's
when they start working on this stuff
but it has to be a part of you and then
life starts reflecting what's in your
subconscious mind but the the astral
body thing is kind of like something
that we use to either communicate with
people in long distance travel to time
to see things that have happened in
foreign lands at different times get
inspiration so when we look at Think and
Grow Rich write the book thinking we're
rich was to tell you to do it tells you
create a Council of I think he says dead
people or something like that right they
created Council of dead people your
council right so if I did mine and
probably like Malcolm X to PI Nipsey
Hussle you know like a whole bunch of
people right and you have this
congregation meeting of minds you can't
do that with your physical body so who's
gonna be present at this meeting the
astral body has to be present is me so
that's an example of how we've seen that
science taught in thinking corwich right
so we can't stay this stuff is like but
aren't you saying when you're talking
about like a council of dead people
you're saying like your imagination
you're looking at this council of dead
people like what would Tupac do like
that yeah shit but how would I draw
inspiration from Muhammad Ali how would
I how would I take the the the knowledge
of you know fill in the blank whoever's
dead yeah brilliant yeah so there is
that aspect right where it's your
imagination right what would Jesus do
right well that's that is that's the
thing right so but what we have to
understand is there's going to be a
sliver of inspirational insight so let's
say 90% of your meeting with these
people are pure physical your mind
imagining these things but then there's
that one sliver that 110 percent that
slides through that gives you that piece
of inspiration that you never would have
thought about it's like an idea you know
sometimes you're telling it like oh oh
yeah you know that idea that just pops
in your head that is what happens now
once you get more advanced you can get
more of that
influx of inspiration from you know
spirit or whatever you want to call it
get more advanced meaning practice this
all the time yeah yeah yeah practicing
you know using your astral body to
project out and being in another space a
happy gilmore calls it his happy space
movie yeah all right so what did he do
in order to manifest his dreams he went
to his happy place to detach himself
from his physical problems mmm and then
he came back and he put he did the
impossible so it's like e-trial that you
know so if you were to construct this
and put this down into guidelines you
you're basically streamlining the
process of how to be as successful and
how to how to just yeah make your dream
come true make make your reality how to
be a person who's got their shit
together yeah you know the the main
thing is problem with people especially
young people is they don't know what
they want to do I didn't know that
passion or purpose and again it just
comes back to knowledge are you studying
take your interest and study it when you
get bored with it
drop it move on to the next thing but
you know over the years I've collected a
lot of skills all of them being used now
you know like I'm not a Photoshop guy
but I know how to use Photoshop but that
happened because at one point I was
running a blog I had to know how to edit
something or do something you know what
I mean mm-hm
so just because it's not a skill you
want like at one point I had photography
business well myspace was probably at a
photography business now I don't do
photography anymore but I understand it
so when I'm someplace I can still use
these skills whether it's for a product
or something or event I can still use
these skills to my advantage you know I
mean so even if you don't like that
skill at that time it might come in play
it wrong right but the bottom line is
you have to start with your knowledge
and then and then allow the spirit or
intuition to feed it right allowed to
feed it like I'll use my logical mind
my logical - is only for after
inspiration all right you get that yeah
so you get inspired and then you use
your logical mind to figure out how to
make this work right if you and that's
where we have to be let the let the
logical mind just carry out the menial
tasks let the higher mana into wish and
lead the way now do you think of these
things as being like separate entities
or is this all all a part of you it's
all one so you think when you think of
your your higher mind how do you
visualize this do you do D visualizes is
something that you don't necessarily
have control of but you can tap into
yeah I guess you can look at it like
that like you know I'm not the Dalai
Lama on this topic you know I mean but
you know I for one exercise what I might
do is I'll uh I'll put light around my
head I'll visualize a sphere of light
around my head and you see this in
religious texts and in art the OEC jesus
christ or saints they always have this
glow around the head they call it a halo
right but really the halo is like your
aura right but also the second aspect is
that when I want to use my brain in an
advanced way I can start the firing of
neutrons or whatever the technical term
is by visualizing something even if I
want to visualize you know thunderstorms
in my head you know that'll get the
brain working you know but usually like
light if I want to do distant healing
right let's say you tell me you sick
rang I probably should be seeing this
but um if I want to do distant healing I
would envelop you in light I would sit
at home rest
make sure you sleep then I would picture
light around Shore okay do you think
that you can do that you think you can
actually heal people from a distance no
you're not healing anything what you're
doing is you're giving the intention to
God that you want this person to be
healed in God of the universe is healing
we can't heal a damn thing right but you
really think that by thinking about
something you can put that intention out
and a little change the
so yes really what makes you think that
well they have these scientific tests I
haven't studied this in a while but
there's a test where they fire like
these electrons or something like that
and the electrons are supposed to be
like on a predictable path and then when
they introduce people to the experiment
the intense is you don't take the wave
spirit you know the problem is that's
misinterpreted okay
the the real change is in observing it
yes
but the changes in observing it because
you're measuring it so by measuring it
you're changing the pattern like if you
talk to a real physicist about it
they've added all this whoo-whoo to this
right that's unnecessary because really
what it is is just the tools the
instrument to use them to measure it or
change the results yeah yeah I could
definitely see that the thing is that
physics has to marry spirituality in
spirituality estimate has to marry
physics if you don't have that
connection between the two we don't got
the whole picture mmm spirituality is a
weird word what does that mean it's a
very taboo word it's a very abused word
it's abused for sure it's not really
just for them spiritual like that kind
of shit yeah yes where it gets weird
yeah I don't like that at all you know
when I speak about spirituality I'm
speaking about something that really
can't be put into words its unfathomable
you know our language isn't designed to
talk about this stuff mm-hmm you know
when we look at oh well a new speak
there's certain words that don't exist
for this stuff you'd have to use a
instant language and even ancient
language you try translating to English
is like we don't have a word for it you
know you're seen seen like ancient
Hebrew when they try to translate things
right
ancient Hebrew had all the numbers were
actually all the letters were other
Aisling numbers as well correct correct
yeah do you know when you talk about
halos that the original halo was a
mushroom cap what yeah a mushroom cap
yeah
oh you something okay I got you the
original halo mm-hmm
was well there's a book called the
sacred mushroom in the cross it's by
John Marco Allegro and he was a biblical
scholar that was one of the guys that
was assigned to decipher the Dead Sea
Scrolls which is the oldest version of
the Bible yes the only one I think that
they've ever found it's written
Aramaic and it was found in Qumran and
these clay clay tap these clay jars and
it's there it's all made unwritten on
animal skins to decipher it they
actually had to run DNA tests on the
animal skins to figure out which skins
belong to which animal so they could put
all the stuff together to figure out all
this all these pieces were a part of
this one scroll yeah well this guy John
Marco Allegro studied it for 14 years
and it was his conclusion after he was
done that the entire Christian religion
was a giant misunderstanding what it was
originally about was the consumption of
psychedelic mushrooms and fertility
rituals mm-hmm and they started doing
all of these like these different
scholars who studied ancient art and
ancient religious art they started
finding these this mushroom iconography
and all this ancient artwork mm-hmm and
one of the things they notice is that
the bottom of a mushroom if you take a
look particularly the Amanita muscaria
mushroom which is the one that they
connect to to the Christian religion
look at the bottom of it and see what it
looks like with all those lines now look
at that that was the original halo okay
if you see that picture about with Jesus
with the halo around his head
the halo was essentially the bottom of a
mushroom cap and the idea they believed
was that these people were the ones that
were consuming the psychedelic mushroom
so they had this great wisdom and this
connection to God mmm that's what they
thought mana was as they thought these
psychedelic mushrooms were the flesh of
God I liked it yeah and so that when you
have these ancient religions that were
possibly based on the consumptions of
these psychedelic mushrooms all that
stuff has kind of been lost in the
translation over years and years and
years and then even the visualization of
the halos changed yeah and there's
there's also some really crazy ones of
naked people dancing in ecstasy
surrounded by this translucent mushroom
image so the idea that they were in
these mushroom induced euphoric states
and that they were dancing around these
all these religious depictions yeah very
interesting because if you think about
ancient religions right
no no science they had no idea what
shape the world was they didn't know
anything but they did know if he found
these mushrooms and you took them you
trip your fucking balls off right he
would have this incredible experience
and they thought that was God you know
then there was that was their connection
to God mm-hmm you know so there's that's
interesting
yeah it's a great book and the Catholic
Church actually bought it out and they
they they got rid of it and then you
could only buy used copies of it but
then it was republished recently over
the last few years someone got the
rights to it mmm yeah it's intense stuff
yeah I like that conversation yeah
that's sexy yeah you know anything that
goes away from the norm I think is real
sexy son needs to end need to be taught
it needs to be talked about you know at
the speaking of sexy woman that accused
Trump rape rape being sexy yes and
Anderson Cooper's like we'll be right
back cut the commercials let's yeah
she's a loony bin well she seems like
she might be medicated yeah you can
definitely tell there's something off to
ya baby
maybe she's super nervous being on
television - that's also I don't know
it's hard to figure out how people are
when you see them on television because
I like to consider myself a good judge
of character she's off her rocker
she seems off a rocker I don't know him
personally some people really do have
panic attacks when their cameras on that
white light during the CNN studios and
then it just comes out weird and then
they look the fuck was wrong with me
right right yeah yeah
I could see that I don't think in her
case I think she's just really like do
you think you just try to sell a book
just on something she definitely want
some attention
yeah but Teflon Tommy she can't do that
Teflon Don it is crazy how he's been
able to shake everything off everything
if you stand ten toes down he cam how
you doing that until you that's why I
keep saying like don't worry about these
tech companies stand ten toes down stand
ten toes down yeah it was I mean Stanley
if you know Stanley a foot like you know
I stand your ground
you know don't waver just because
somebody says something
I get criticized a lot in my responses I
said what I said you know how I'll
infuriate the left and I fury ate the
right and the right to feel like well
last week you were pro Trump but now
you're saying something that's different
it's like and well you got the most shit
I think for that Starbucks video the
stars video was hilarious
thank you walked into Starbucks and you
said I hear you out you guys are racist
I'm gonna get my free Starbucks and that
lady was like okay Amanda shout out to
Amanda she's like yeah I heard that
hold on I'll get your coffee it's like I
didn't know you could just give away
coffee you work at Starbucks but I guess
she just did I manifested death where
was that
that was a New Jersey what Barry calm is
more hilarious yeah but you know like I
manifested it and you can go look at
that the tweet two weeks before said I
said if you want to be on mainstream
media pretend to be a liberal then I
also said I said that my followers I
said can y'all get me on Fox News the
next week I pulled this stunt and then
got on Fox News now when they had you on
Fox News what was the premise what were
they gonna target would they say haze
wonder story this one right this one
some it's one of specificity and they
also probably want a little bit of
potential outrage asking for coffee
reparations yeah you got a black guy
who's asking for reparations they kind
of like that especially when it's
spoofing the left so yeah they you know
they kind of want to weaponize me yeah
so yeah there's a lot of that I thought
it was funny I thought that you're very
friendly about it you know was like you
were being angry anything did you have
your son with you or someone - yeah my
voice - whole family wasn't me that's
funny
yeah yeah my son didn't he I told him I
go here and get free coffee Yeah right
your dad's really about to pull this off
you had a debate recently about
reparations with CJ Pearson yes that
young guy who's very he's an interesting
guy very very intelligent and articulate
fellow it's new like 19 years old or
something 16 16 yeah it's really only 16
yeah really did
they say at least I thought he was older
than that he brights for Colette and
he's he really only 16 yeah CJ Pearson
is oh yeah fine I hold ears that seems
crazy he's got drink grease age 16
wow she's got fucking smartest shit no
he's not
what no he's not why do you think he's
not smart it's not smart smart people
create things stupid but he's fucking 16
you don't think he's got an exceptional
vocabulary and ability to express
himself at 16 and what does that mean it
means you got something going on I don't
mean shit it doesn't mean shit it's an
exceptional absolut sometimes what is it
about is vocabulary mean you memorize
some words well you have use of them at
access instantaneous access that means
they're in your mind all the time which
means you've done a lot of reading which
means you've done a lot of studying
which means you have a command of the
English language which was the only
thing that we have if you speak English
that you can use to express your intent
right and Orwell talks about these
political types who sound very educated
he says it they sound very educated on
it right and then when you break down
what they actually said it's so very
vague it's so very nonspecific there's
actually no solutions you know all they
do is talk about problems what is your
platform CJ Pearson
Candace Owens what is your platform is
your platform I hate Democrats where's
your platform I want something for the
people because it seems like when you
watch these people they're all saying
the same thing for cliques like I told
you my homeboy it makes her have money
on Facebook
he's doing the Candice all wins and CJ
Pearson thing for money but the other is
saying they're not they don't have the
same ideology see they're Pearson's and
Candice Owens they're cut from the same
cloth
you think so they're the same person
he's just younger version I heard him
speak on the Sam Harris show I believe
it was him right was it him CJ Google
that CJ Pearson on say I'm pretty sure
it's the same cat mm-hmm
and I was very impressed especially with
someone his age yeah I mean he talks
very well and that's hard to do no
hearing no dates of America's not in
like they're both the names of nothing
okay maybe it's different dude they have
pre that's why I thought he was older
catchphrases pre-plan catchphrases your
you're learning you're just learning
another language and that's and that's
what he's he's speaking that language no
damn that's that's little bro you know I
see I see what you're saying so you're
saying that they have this sort of
ideology that are subscribing to this
predetermined pattern of behavior they
know what works and then they just
follow it sort of like top 40 DJ talks
there you go
right right you know what what has what
new thought has he created I don't know
yeah yeah I just listened to that debate
and it's a conversation that I think is
a fascinating one the conversation of
reparations because it can be no doubt
that something horrible happened to the
black community and they're still
suffering from it but especially in the
deep south when you look at these places
where the people who lived are the
direct descendants of slaves yeah and
then these are the same impoverished
neighborhoods that no one's ever done
anything to try to fix right so how do
you fix it you first have to start with
the subconscious mind at the black mark
the problem with the black mind is the
fact that the black man starts off with
a defeatist mentality from the day
you're born you're taught the white man
is out to get you so you start off with
a boogie man and then you're taught that
you're a slave right so when your
subconscious mind believes that the
beginnings of your race is a slave how
do you aspire to be more than that so in
order to correct the black community you
have to teach black history or so-called
black history or what I would say
African history in chronological order
before we were slaves we were kings so
how do you how do you have a whole
entire nation of 40 some-odd million
black people and majority of them never
heard of Queen Angola who never heard of
the songhai empire the Mali Empire you
know none of this stuff right King
Massimo so how do you how do you how do
you raise the peoples level of awareness
about this stuff and how do you elevate
them to want to do things in life when
they think they are slave that's the
first thing that you have to do to help
black people you have to teach them who
they are that expression before they
were slaves they were kings the problem
with that as a king as a monarch in a
mark is one person who controls giant
groups of people you can't have a bunch
of kings there's not a lot of kings kind
of a nation of kings correct but that's
very different from saying you know that
we had four kings right let's say there
were just four right that's better than
saying Harriet Tubman Frederick Douglass
and these free slaves right
you actually have to see at least one
King I see where you say you know at
least say so see one advanced
human being that also looks like you
that came from the same part of the
world where your ancestors came from so
recognize that the trajectory that you
and your family are on as a direct
result of being enslaved that someone
was enslaved in the past and brought
over here against their will
that's why there's the negative mindset
that's why there's a negative self-image
is because there's this great history of
oppression yeah yeah you know when you
think you are slave you can't operate
outside of that and even if you don't
think you're a slave if you think you're
inferior you know God you know miss
Patty's no hilarious comedian one of the
funniest human beings alive and she was
here and one thing she was talking about
was when she was younger that when she
would see white people she wouldn't look
them in the eye she would get nervous
she felt inferior being around them she
just wanted to get away she didn't feel
like she belonged right right and that's
a product of not knowing who you are not
knowing your own personal power you know
when you look at the second Punic Wars
of Carthage you had a Hannibal went
through the Alps which is a mission
impossible and he went all the way to to
the doors of Rome and Rome said you're
Wayne coming outside to fight you breath
I mean coming that's how strong the
power for the Army was they said we
don't want to fight they knew if they
came outside those gates they would get
their ass whooped
so how do you how do you have a people
that walk around not knowing that
Hannibal Barca is a well-studied war
general today the Pentagon still studies
him right so how do you how are you
operating in America as a black person
and not know who Hannibal bar goes well
it's difficult I think for people that
were born in America and all the known
ancestors from America to even relate
like I'm my
families mostly from Italy and Sicily
and some of them from Ireland mm-hmm I
don't relate at all
I visited Li in the sorting arms I don't
relate at all right so then the other
the other side up is the fact that we
would inators
we were not brought here on slave ships
that's not economically sound there's a
main sense
so when Christopher Columbus guy I want
to do well Chris problem has got to the
Caribbean according to a primary source
right they basically said the first
thing he did was take slaves he didn't
bring slaves he took slaves from the
island he captured people so when you
have colonization you gotta remember it
knighted stage there's only built 13
colonies at first rank you think this
whole land was empty
no there were natives here but today
we're taught that natives are some other
people no natives are the Mellen ated
African being that has come here since
the the beginning of the Mali Empire was
talking about fourteen thirteenth
century we had already come here from
Africa really oh yeah yeah we had
already come here to the United States
or to this layer messed that's landmass
we call the United States so the way to
the ocean current works is it works from
Africa leaves out of West Africa comes
to South America and the Caribbean
that's just how the currents go you
don't need no paddle boat and nothing it
is just currents and to take you there
and then you travel up but we had
already been here
all you got to do is look up the story
of sarah rector sarah right there's a
wealthy so-called Native American I
think she was a Choctaw tribe or one of
these tribes but she was wealthy and she
wanted to VI pass to go somewhere and
they had her classified as a free person
why don't we know about the wealthy
so-called black people in America why
don't we know that there were black
slave owners in America why is that not
talk
why how many black slavery was work man
is that the natives here had slaves they
were trading slaves with the so-called
white man well they definitely did that
natives enslaved people of other tribes
right so if those if those people are us
the so-called black man those natives
were
us then we have to tell that history and
say how we did have territories and we
did you know carry out commerce and we
weren't slaves we were slave owners what
but the majority of African Americans
that lived here were brought over here
no no no that's not economically sound
what do you mean by it's not
economically sound like there were
Staters right all right let's say you
wanted to have you wanted to sell
marijuana right right
would you import marijuana would you
grow it here if it's already here well
it depends on whether or not marijuana
grew here well can you go marijuana here
you can but we're just talking about
marijuana like what so it's not
something that you can't grow here so so
what I'm saying is people were already
here does it make sense to go all the
way to this other continent to bring
people on the boat when we know that
half of your stock is gonna die you
wouldn't do that so how many people do
you think were brought over from Africa
on slave ships cuz that definitely
happened I don't believe it
what do you mean you don't believe it I
don't believe that story you don't
believe that Africans are brought over
on slave ships correct I believe it may
have happened you know maybe people were
brought over as slaves but I don't think
that the black people in America came
from Africa on slave ships I believe the
people that were here were slowly
conquered first they got the East Coast
and then they started spreading out west
little by little conquering and when you
conquer a tribe what do you do you
enslave them they're POWs right okay
that's what you do so you after you
conquered this tribe you you you make
them slaves now how do you conquer the
natives here so let's say you got this
tribe is warned against this tribe well
this tribe goes talk to the white man
women says you know if you help me wipe
out these people then boom you know I'll
help you with whatever whatever so they
get together and they wipe out this
other tribe now guess what the white man
now outnumbers this tribe so he wipes
them out
you just killed two birds with one stone
you just keep moving like that but I'm
still confused there's a great history
of slave ships being brought over from
Africa with Africans that became slaves
and worked in the south
do you think that's lies history is his
story right what about my story is my
story not valid but if you do 23andme on
someone from these parts of the country
you'll find out one day that's real so
so where's 23andme
so when I when I when I take a 23andme
test right yeah what's it gonna tell me
about Africa it's good question which it
finds out I'll be gonna say oh you're
from Kenya you're from Angola you're
right right these things these borders
were created by Europe in terms yes
right in terms of like what parts of
Africa and how its distributed in what's
a country and what's not a country yeah
these my name's Connors and Dutch yeah
okay yeah so you can't classify me based
upon a European name I understand that
but they're saying geographically mm-hm
geographic location you could call
whatever name you want right they can
tell you where your genetics originated
right I've got some weird shit in me I
go like 1% Asian I don't know why it's
there 1.6 percent African okay there's
also a weird stuff that you find in your
DNA that like your ancestors and
ancestors ancestors so that's was
somewhere let's walk down right so
either way if you take black people here
in America and you do they DNA sample
and it point back to Africa what does
that say says black people in America
are Africans now the argument is what we
brought here or were we already here did
we bring ourselves here or the white man
bring us here you see when you say the
white man brought us here what you're
doing is you're removing our ability to
transport ourselves you're saying oh we
didn't know anything about boats that's
what John told me you trying to tell me
that we didn't know that there was a
landmass here the only the the wholly
white man knew there was land to the
west but when you look at the wholly
white man he said when we got here we
met black people go look at the primary
source you got met black people we got
the Caribbean we met black people you
think the Caribbean is right next to
America and a Warren in America that's
interesting to see make any sense
well are you go to sow that sense that
you do have people that have
whether it's Polynesians that traveled
to Hawaii or people I mean there's the
Olmecs who has thousands and thousands
of years ago in South America they have
purely clearly African faces yes I mean
really letting the noses the lipst I
mean they look African brand that was a
South American culture that existed and
we don't know anything about them other
than the fact that they have these
gigantic stone sculptures that have
African faces well like again again just
go to if you can pull up the ocean
currents I've seen that I've heard about
them yeah he read his stuff it's really
God saying because he's all about that
he's all about the fact that the idea
that human beings were probably living
in advanced civilizations far longer
than fourteen thousand years ago they
did travel all over the world and that
you do find the remnants of these
ancient cultures that we have no
explanation for throughout the Amazon
you know and throughout different parts
of South America and Central America I
mean when you go and you look at railed
European history hmm you had the Magyars
would believe that if they took a bath
that was bad
right they didn't even want to change
their clothes they thought that dirty
was purity when we talk about the Moors
going into Spain and into Europe the
stories in the history our history says
that when we met the so-called Caucasian
he was sleeping in the barn with the
animals we told him no you can't sleep
in the barn with animals we taught them
etiquette we taught them running water
we brought that technology to Europe now
if we brought the technology to Europe
that saved Europe from the Black Plague
you mean to tell me that if we saved the
white race that we weren't already in
America already when we brought the
technology when Rome was dependent on
Africa for food remember when the black
black plague hit Rome the cause was one
of the officials was still in the green
that was coming from Africa so there was
famine hit wrong if your source of
sustenance is
from Africa how will you superior you're
not you get your fool from me so if you
get you a fool from me who's more likely
to travel this globe me I'm the source
of food and that's the first thing you
need to survive on this planet so if
your whole civilization is dependent me
to plot the plot depending on me to
supply food I made it to America first
it's just that you want a war you've got
to tell the story but is that their only
source of food I mean it's a source of
food that Rome had right but Rome is
also very close to Africa well let's
talk about that what kinds of food did
they have well I don't know it's a very
rudimentary it was a very rudimentary
civilization it wasn't all what is
cracked up to be when you go look at
what the Greeks said about Egypt when he
going to eat it just like yellow it's
like New York City at that time the
ultimate if you really want to talk
about African civilization being
advanced Egypt is the ultimate Egypt to
this day still unexplained not what no
one really understands how they built
those things no understands that how old
the culture is that's another thing that
Graham Hancock and dr. Robert Schoch
from Boston University who's a geologist
he's pointing to water erosion and the
Temple of the Sphinx that leads you to
believe that that place might have been
as old as 9,000 plus BC so absolutely
yes there's also different styles of
architecture right there's like older
styles of architectures they find deeper
in the sand they think it might have
been indicative of an earlier Kingdom
and then there's also the Nubian
structures of some of the faces
particularly the Sphinx yeah you know
the Sphinx they believe had a lion's
face and then when they were conquered
by the Nubians they changed the actual
structure of the face of the Sphinx and
turned it into a king's face what a way
it was was that it is upper and lower
egypt so upper egypt is actually our new
south right that's our south and what
what the way has taught to me was that
was the mind of egypt and the economic
section of egypt was what we see giza
pyramids and its economic because if you
look at it it's it's between three
continents on the mediterranean sea so
it's a perfect place to carry out
mm-hmm it's the perfect place that's why
everybody wants to beat us why is there
war in the Middle East because it's a
perfect place to be so do you believe
that some Africans came over here in
slave ships or none very minimal very
minimal really minimum so you think it's
a myth almost now is there any scholars
that support these opinions are these
your opinions or were you getting this
from so here's the thing this is stuff
I've studied probably close to 15 years
ago so I don't remember a lot of my
sources or who I learned it from but I
can give you a couple of names but you
got to do is you got to look up Shaka
Hawk most you got to look up dr. Carr
becoming dr. Phil Valens huh Bobby Hemi
who else is a good each of Tyler's up
shock jock Moses real good Egyptologist
I think you should start date with shock
most but um these are these are videos I
used to watch and lectures I used to
watch back in a day now I focus on like
startups nets where my brain is mmm
that's where my knowledge is focused on
right but a lot of this stuff comes from
my own common sense it just does not
make sense logistically to take people
from all the way from over there to
bring them here
especially when half your stock is gonna
die when you got people right here you
have Human Resources right here all I
got to do is pop him shoot a couple of
them the rest of them are like all right
fine and you enslave them and none of
them died except for the ones I actually
killed right I got a whole millions of
people right here like why would I go
all the Krait all the way across the
ocean to bring people back across the
ocean it doesn't make sense it's a
stupid that didn't nobody run a business
like that what's up Joe PBS how many the
title was how many slaves landed in the
u.s. mm-hmm well scroll that up scroll
it up so I could read that whole thing
okay
right to there perhaps you like me were
raised essentially to think of the slave
experience primarily in terms of our
black ancestors here in the United
States in other words slavery is
primarily about us right from the
Crispus attacks and Phillip Wheatley
Benjamin Banneker and Richard Allen all
the way to Harriet Tubman Sojourner
Truth and Frederick Douglass think of it
as an instance we were might think of as
African American exceptionalism in other
words that it's the black experience
it's got to be about black Americans
well black Americans will think again
the most comprehensive analysis of
shipping records over the course of
slave trade is a transatlantic slave
trade database edited by professors
David Altis and David Richardson while
the editors are careful to say that all
the figures are estimates they believe
that the best estimates that we have the
proverbial gold standard in the field
the study of the slave trade between
1525 and 1866 the in the entire has to
the slave trade to the new world
according to the transatlantic slave
trade database 12.5 million Africans
were shipped to the new world ten point
seven million survived the dreaded
Middle Passage disembarking in North
America the Caribbean and South America
how many of this ten point seven million
Africans were shipped directly to North
America only about three hundred and
eighty eight thousand that's right a
tiny percentage so a small percentage of
all the Africans that were enslaved were
actually shipped to North America that's
probably close to the truth hmm
they come from Africa bro that don't
make no sense no I run a business like
that well they're saying that a lot of
people did though that's ten point seven
million people came on boats that's what
they're saying slave trader I don't know
if that means that they necessarily came
here they could have been going to
Europe well no they were saying they
were saying that trade does not have to
come from Africa I can trade with you
right here in America but was it why are
they not it said to directly to North
America there's only the under 400,000
right right involved in the shipping and
going in all over the world it could be
going anywhere but from Africa that's
less than 10% African shipped yes right
yes less than 10% less than 10% in North
America but ten point seven million
Africans enslaved well and moved one day
out ten points ever survived right we
were shipped but didn't say where they
were shipped to the new world new world
is very very very only three hundred
eighty eight thousand actually meters of
this to North America slave I could
trade from Haiti or Jamaica or something
right so do you think yeah right
so you think that there was probably
already a significant population of
Africans that were
see barring that made it all the way
over here yes well if you listen to the
words of Hancock and the discussion of
pre-historic well we would consider
prehistoric use of boats and ships it's
probably likely look at ancient Egypt
don't you see pictures of boats oh yeah
oh yeah so they would buried that I mean
if you could there was the what is the
big Science Museum in LA that had the
the Egypt exhibit really recently it's
fucking incredible they they had a
depiction of the boats that they used
yeah I mean they had boats for sure they
definitely traveled so so how can you
tell me that a civilization had boats
before Europe was literate didn't come
to America didn't set up shop it's just
not common I mean just I don't need to
read a book to understand that but
definitely makes sense if they made it
to South America I mean if the Olmecs
were I mean if you look at you pull up
an image of the Olmec heads
this is heavily disputed John Henry
Clark is the author you should study
John Henry Clark has a book they come
before Columbus I mean look at that
look at these Olmec heads they all look
like that I thought America yeah so it
kind of if you have a zhing you there
has to be a large population of people
in order to create these things yeah has
to be you know you'd have to be advanced
so if they're here already in South
America why do you all go across the sea
when you got people right here you just
enslave South America is connected to
America you think we didn't come up
north you think wait take that what
right it's just common sense well
particularly when they're finding all
this evidence of people that were here
thousands and thousands years before
they ever thought people were yeah well
or the evidence in the Grand Canyon from
Egypt what I don't know about that
what's that is you heard about that part
of it yeah yes there might be some gold
down there is this Egyptian gold in the
Grand Canyon
hey man they found a fucking the
Egyptian tomb and there's Egyptian stuff
that's been found in Ohio yeah yeah I
was looking some stuff up but grandmas
telling me I went home and looked up the
serpent mound stuff and like right up
the road from where the serpent mound is
there's been a couple artifacts found
there like it's artifacts Nicole now
pulls
yeah there's mounds in America which
yeah
supposed to be like pyramids I wouldn't
hang so there's even an Egypt Ohio I
don't think it's named after that but
it's literally like in the same spot
yeah yeah this the history of human
travels fucking finally circumnavigated
this globe before man this isn't new
stuff it's new to Europe it wasn't new
to the African race man we've been here
they got the mounds too archaeological
evidence from Egypt and the Grand Canyon
it's right there see I've never heard
that before that is interesting
archaeological evidence in the Grand
Canyon says it's not part of his story
mmm he's got to keep you thinking he's
got to keep the black people thinking
you were slaves and you came from Africa
on boats that's what they got to keep
you particularly but you really think
that there's some sort of a grand
conspiracy to withhold information yeah
the university's scholars all these
people that are talking about the
history of the world universities
indoctrination centers still that the
worst thing you could do is send a child
college unless they're going to learn a
hard science you know you go to you
think Gender Studies is bullshit of
course what are you saying
please make believe degrees Gender
Studies bro serious stuff yeah gender
study you know there's it's a social
construct I stand I study gender in the
bedroom that's why study gender okay
ain't no such thing as no genders Texas
school tell me but there is you're
getting you're gonna pay for it and
you'd be in debt you're studying Gender
Studies you get a fat degree yeah do you
find anything about Egyptian when I
found it I was down a deep hole so like
I can't just find it that way I'm trying
to somebody so I'm gonna I'll find in a
second Davis bury it there I just found
the picture ground hey pull it up let me
see some shit this is this is this
hotels got against glasses on we're
getting serious this is the good stuff
man if we look at his head you see his
head right there yes that's not nappy
hair uh well that's a tie Buddha so
that's not his hair I think those are
braids this was like an ornament wears
braids a lot of people including the
Romans Oh like Rachel Dolezal
what is this is a draw this is from an
old book that's why I was telling it's
really old this is a drawing of all the
inscriptions that were found on this
piece of stone mm-hmm and a lot of these
are very they're like hieroglyphs and
whatnot see it's notable there's like a
somewhere on here's that I think that
looks just like that serpent from the
mound that's in oh wow Wow yeah I figure
that's necessarily Egyptian but
certainly yeah it might not be Egyptian
necessarily man when I found it that's
what it was tagged as Oh from that time
period or very similar but that is the
Pennsylvania archaeology this is what
the book is found from okay I did this
how I got to it yeah I've never seen
this before but there's some
archaeological evidence on the walls
like you said a lot of people don't even
know that Egypt's in Africa oh that's
hilarious when you start talking to
people about look think about that
African culture why change is Africa why
don't they want the seven wonders of the
world to be associated with Africa well
cuz Africa's our continent I guess they
think of it in terms of because you eat
gypped is so unbelievably unique
globally yeah like there's nothing like
it in the world we know stone henges in
Europe
yeah but Stonehenge is clunky in
comparison to the shit that you find in
Egypt oh yeah it is but they but they
they they still pop up Stonehenge like
it's some great thing you know it's in
Europe yes don't hand just fascinating
it's fascinating like hmm why they do
this there's a lot of shit in Europe too
they're finding now with lidar where
they're using this uh they're there they
can map into the ground and find these
structures and roads and pathways that
existed and that the long since been
reclaimed by Nature
yeah finding that like it was one of the
Graham Hancock things and he was talking
about how you look at South America when
they're going through the Amazon you're
finding these incredible structures and
incredible roadways and irrigations and
that they believe that at one point in
time there was a civilization of 20
million people living in the Amazon and
that when the European settlers came
over they brought smallpox and wiped
everybody out boom yeah boom just like
they did with the Native Americans
that's a thing that people don't know
when they talk about Native American
genocide yeah the vast majority is
disease is disease yeah so when people
say oh you know the white man came over
here with violence like I don't know if
he was that vile I'll do
enough bullets to kill that many people
they killed 90% with disease straight
disease man it's just fucking crazy so
where the disease come from you're dirty
people so so like in the streets so how
can you tell me that you know I'm just a
slave right when the filth the
degeneration of Europe is what came to
America greatness didn't come to America
degeneration came to America stood to I
mean I mean we talked about the people
that came here they were escaping the
oppression of yes Europe they were the
undesirables in Europe mm-hmm right or
other people would try to get away from
religious persecution right things like
that yeah but these were the dregs of
the society right in many ways yeah so
you come here and you're dirty and you
infect the people and maybe now that's
why you gotta go to everybody's
everybody's dead what what if you had
just like if you were speaking in front
of Congress yeah and you were talking
about reparations what would you have to
say keep the conversation going open up
the conversation let's get more Minds
involved don't shoot it down in Dems
must pay you know I got the hashtag go
and Dems must pay why Dems because it's
a great start number one so you know
when we had to debate with CJ Pearson he
said you know in his rant you know he
went off about God and he said if
anything the damage should pay is the
Liberals because they had the KKK they
had they own slavery they ran a slave
trade so as I well that's the case then
why don't we make them pay the other
thing is you know if you're conservative
and you you know you having this elect
election race or whatever why don't you
just take the wild card away from them
you know from the left and say well yeah
you know if there is a reparations
conversation you know that was the
Democrats that was the Dixiecrat that
installed Black Codes in South Carolina
they're the ones that that's an
interesting conversation right when you
say that yeah wait what yeah actually
the Democrats are responsible yeah you
had the thing called Black Codes and if
you were considered black then you
didn't have rights
the funny thing is you could be
technically African and be white white
isn't a color it's a status Elon Musk
what do you mean it's from Africa is he
yep well I knew that he's not in Africa
well he was born in Africa but he's not
in Africa South Africa but so so when we
do his uh 23andme what is this probably
a Dutch or some titled a it's actually
something right Europe okay yes but
there is why people that their lineage
from historically it's from Africa sure
well I mean the Sephardic people that
lived in northern Africa right mm-hmm
yeah where it's considered more Middle
East right right right you can see some
of that absolutely but these people
aren't the African right people come
from Turkey right right I'm from Kiev
Russia mm-hmm no that's where they come
from the they've migrated into Africa
that's not what are you from right their
bodies aren't even biologically
conducive to that environment you know
I'm not conducive to the New York
environment my foe is exactly where why
folks is running on the street when
shorts and I'm just like oh I need a
jacket but there's definitely a
biological difference data we got a
recognize for sure know where we came
from yeah yeah it's a lot to this
conversation there's a lot to this
conversation but it's so heavily
weighted people don't want to be
objective about it right what's up the
thing I found about the Egyptians in
Ohio was actually from a paper that was
written it's it's postulating it I guess
they took a lot of the evidence that had
they had been finding and saying this
shows that there might have actually
been Egyptians there that's from 1937
that's when the guy was I think bornus
is 40 years ago that amulet was brass
apparently and it was found here
Cincinnati and where I actually think it
might have been trading trade routes
because there was some like stones that
have been found in various parts of the
world that are from specifically Ohio
because it's like a rainbow shale that
was using like arrowheads and stuff a
long long time ago that area was used to
make weapons like the first like 12,000
years ago when the first people were
kind of in North America but that area
in Ohio also is known as the stand stone
capital of the world and I don't know if
that's related to the Egyptians that's
what the pyramids are
there's tons of sandstone that is very
specific to that region mm-hmm
pyramids made of sandstone I thought so
yeah yes there's 21 from 1800 to 1980 21
times the amount of sandstone that made
the Great Pyramid was shipped out of
Ohio to make various buildings all over
the world you know most of them United
States obviously but all over the place
just weird facts I found a history of
the human we don't know history we know
some only the only history that we know
is the one we go discover on our own
time the one that's presented to us is
not history I saw it lies I was not all
all of this some light on that too it
lost civilization in Grand Canyon was
weight Egyptian the Smithsonian
published some stuff in 1909 oh I guess
that where all this came from there was
an article that got written and I don't
know how much of it they proved orpurt
was proven or was just newspaper bait
back in the day the more amazing the
artifact didn't match up to anything on
the known record rather than appearing
to be of Native American origin as one
might expect the object had distinct
Egyptian or Tibetan designs could there
have been an entire civilization of
Egyptians living here if so how did they
get here
man you got cats dad leave Africa and
try to come to Spain all these places or
take away
yeah it is interesting right like the
population of Cuba cube is so insanely
diverse it's right there like what is
the history of that other than the slave
routes like what is the history of Cuba
because Cuba's very distinct African
people living there mm-hmm
the whole Caribbean all that whole area
it's a lot of African roots to it but
that's just a place that was conquered
by the Spain you know by about the
cortezes you know those type of people
but what really disturbs me is there's
no way to know exactly what happened
it's like you're piecing things together
based on artifacts and historical record
things that people wrote down and
journals and logs and yes there's people
that have traveled so
again I've studied it so long ago but I
remember reading primary source from
somebody that traveled with Cristobal
cologne aka Christopher Columbus and he
was saying very specific things about
his accounts when he reached these
different places you know and he was
saying things like we got to the land
and we found Africans and I remember him
specifically saying so no matter where
we go we find Africans and he said it as
if he was disappointed and then he
started talking about like you know this
is they started talking about the
culture and describing their culture you
just got to go look at the people that
travel with Cristobal Cologne and and
there's some first-hand accounts there
and they're very honest about it you
know dude I'm gonna look into that now
that's it very interesting I'm gonna ask
gram about that too what he knows about
it yes he studied me especially on his
latest book he studied a lot about the
various cultures that made it to North
America and South America okay yeah yeah
this is very rich in history very I
gotta wrap this up but thanks for coming
man I had a great time talking to you
tell everybody it's a vibe high on H I
on Twitter
no more Instagram no Instagram don't you
show your YouTube show hotels been told
you every Thursday 8:00 p.m. it's a
great name alright and my main website
is Brian sharp copr y and sha that's the
real man SEO but hotep Jesus is that's
preferred yeah thank you brother
appreciate it man that's fun Thank You
hotep Jesus ladies and gentlemen